October 15th, 6pm (PT)

Call info:
 Dial in number: 
 UberConference URL: 
 No Pin needed

Notes from last time: https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_10.11.2018

Attending: Walter, Deb, Rob, der.hans, vmb, Salt (has to leave early), Adam (has to leave early), prasket (will be a little late) Jeff


## Financial

* Contract -- got a revised estimate, it was high, Lisa is looking into it 
    * Computer labs are more expensive than regular rooms, and since we aren't using the computers trying for the lower rate
* Speaker gifts -- toys are probably the gift
* Adding sponsors to the website? Waiting for promised money but we might need an update from FSF 
* Add Pragmatic Programming as Media/In-Kind
* Contract? may have gone up a little more than we were expecting
* Adam can swing by for physical signing/conversation if needed, but Salt is handling all of the details
* Let Salt know if you need reimbursements
* Expo Hall
    * Pretty much filled to capacity, yay!


## Media

* Camera for keynotes? 
* VMB to repost the self-recording instructions DONE: https://seagl.org/news/2018/10/15/Recording_Your_Talk.html
* The Shure mic works, Hans is bringing some equipment, including a tripod. 
* Salt is going to reserve a camera from UW 
* Audio is coming from the board at BPH 
* Committee to decide timing, any directions that go with the room bags (coordinate with Rob to make sure that's up to date), a nice still camera and Walter will take pictures 

## Outreach

* Hans working on flyer production, will call Ada's
    * Flyers ordered to be delivered tomorrow 
* Please send Lisa the flyer file and she'll get some folks to flyer
* Flyer PDFs forwarded to Lisa 
* Andy wants to help again
* FB page is ok
    * VMB: I can add the FB page to Buffer and have it share all tweet content at the same time…?
    * Oh yes, please! Deb to figure out what the credentials to send 
* send meet-up groups to rachel

## Program

Tweets about talks, other stuff?

* Buffered tweets for about half the talks
    * 2-3 tweets a day
    * Currently buffered through after All Things Open
* Posted recording instructions today
    * https://seagl.org/news/2018/10/15/Recording_Your_Talk.html
* Sent email to speakers today
    * Recording info, TeaGL, confirm talk slot length
* Still waiting to get abstract from final keynoter
    * Will write speakers@ tomorrow to discuss contingency plans

## Tech

* Kudos to Rob for helping me with an OSEM room adding question this weekend!

## Onsite

* The call for onsite volunteers -- the tweets, emailed past volunteers? Deb working on this, this week 
* Childcare - survey in progress. Can we work this into the registration system (check box for childcare)? We will host childcare even if no one signs up.
* TeaGL - tea swap! Saturday tea-swapping! 
    * Announcement on the blog: https://seagl.org/news/2018/10/12/TeaGL.html

* Next week: start sharing the list of things for Rob to print for use onsite 
    * Program for the conference? Rob to redo last year's or get Japerry to do "the upside down one?" Deb can ask Jakob? 
* We got a giant limited edition inflatable seagull for use onsite! 

* Party -- Adam and Hans to emcee (matching tie shirts, Hans to bring), Deb to script. Make sure the food is labled. 
* Exciting Author event! Signed copy to give away! We will promote and thank the publisher!
    * Brian (editor) will bring a few copies (no more than 5)
    * He's also gonna try to get a discount code for SeaGL attendees (may be good for all Pragmatic books…? I'll check with him next week at ATO)
    * Media Sponsor! (VMB to add)

Next scheduled all-hands SeaGL call is Thursday, Oct. 25th, 5pm 

A reminder that this is a thing: https://github.com/seagl/organization
