# October 1st, 6pm (PT)

Call info:
 Dial in number: redacted
 UberConference URL: redacted
 No Pin needed

Notes from last time: https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_9.17.2018

* Attending: der.hans, Walter,Deb, VMB, Adam, Rob, Salt, Tibbs
* Sends regrets: prasket
* Will dial in late: Salt

## Program
* Let speakers know that we're here to help w/talks if needed
    * Will remind again in a couple weeks
* Keynote travel funding?
    * Only 2 of 4 keynoters have provided estimates so far, despite several pings (pinged again this morning)
    * Presumeably Stephen doesn't need money... (likely true; will confirm)
* Working to get abstracts from keynoters
    * 2 posted to the schedule so far, 1 in edits, 1 more pending

## Media

Would need 6-8 volunteers per shift

How long could recording continue? 

Try novices on AV docs, can they reset? 

## Tech

* Comment from IRC: "whoever has site access to seagl.org: you clearly have https working (I can go there), but you don't have it automatically redirecting to httpsâ€¦ and the channel URL specified here in IRC is just http"
    * Cannot repro because...
    * Rob fixed that evening (rob++)
* Adam TODO: work on tech docs (where stuff is, how to do the basics) and TODO: update secrets store (currently KeepassSomething)
    * will add to https://github.com/SeaGL/organization (under "tech" folder)

## Outreach

Rachel reaching out to CS/IT depts at Portland colleges to get flyers approved for posting

Rachel ordering hex stickers from Sticker Giant

We have flyers and handbills for this year, PLEASE start putting them up at work/coffee shops/libraries/etc

VMB has been keeping the twitter buffer going
    * Let me know if you'd like to be added to the Buffer account; I think all I need is your email address; ping me via my SeaGL email
    
Salt to intro Hans to Ada's and send flyering volunteers to the bookstore, via the volunteers list 

## Onsite

The call for onsite volunteers going out this week

* Announcement for childcare? Or for included lunch?
    * Adam checking with Margaret
    * Will blog it once it's sorted
* TeaGL? (tea swap during one of the breaks)
    * A blog post at some point
    * Probably involve minimal setup, just need to make sure we have hot water. ;-)
* Coffee?
    * Twilio? Or are we doing ourselves?
    * Twilio! Woot.
    * Adam will confirm whether it includes water for tea?
* Saturday party?
    * VMB cannot commit to helping organise it this year, can advise if needed (what we did past years, etc)
    * Hans and Adam will emcee lightning talks set up by Deb 
    * Adam volunteers to MC any/all SeaGL party programming (just need script / slides)

## Financial

Speaker gift options:

* https://www.4imprint.com/product/142446/Fidget-Fun-Block
* https://www.brandspiritblog.com/2014/06/25/new-customize-popular-farkel-dice-game-winning-promotion/

Seeing whether we can get our logo on the dice (not just the box). If not, will go with the cube.

Expo Hall
* Pretty much filled to capacity, yay!

Off-cycle call, please click ASAP ... https://doodle.com/poll/ap4dpku25i6wrgp5

Next scheduled all-hands SeaGL call is Monday, Oct. 15th, 6pm

A reminder that this is a thing: https://github.com/seagl/organization
