November 5th, 6pm (PT)

Call info:
 Dial in number: 
 UberConference URL: 
 No Pin needed
 
Notes from last time: https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_10.29.2018

Attending: Rob, vmb, Jeff, Margaret, Deb, Rachel, Walter, Salt, Adam
    
**TWILIO SPONSOR STUFF: https://www.twilio.com/company/brand**

## Onsite

Volunteers scheduled, https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UFJPrRBPZlc01esvAns11qKV1nKqA1JITzyTM_aJPI8/edit#gid=0

Spots we still need? Has everyone here signed up? Who else can we ask? 

* Andy will be coordinating folks. (andy++!)
    * Send the room monitoring handout to Andy, print these at Kinko's 

* Get room counts! Please. 
 - Chrome book at Registration could have the google doc with the counts an we could coordinate via registartion
* Make 5 minute, 10 minute signs
 - Rob: I can print them
 * Time keeping signs: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/blob/master/fliers/2017/timekeeping_signs.pdf


## FOOD 

* TeaGL, OSI birthday snacks
    * Margaret is ON it! :) :) <3
    * More kettles welcome! (Prasket will bring his) (Salt can if need be)
    * Thank you, Twilio!
* Lunch/Childcare survey: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jNH_IF0-o_iwvQpW1sS_v4aOFLxyc6IJoEtnp2KEmFE/edit#gid=211954814 (Salt just requested access, still not available despite link share, unsure who can grant access to salt@seagl.org)
    * (Google Form of same: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1AXEOTzBGE8p5c8G82_LXV5NBM4rQT9O-4KEjd6bnHHY/edit )
    * (invite/post for same, doesn't restrict usage of their email: https://seagl.org/news/2018/10/04/Free_Childcare_Free_Lunch.html )
* Childcare: Signs and telling people it's there, 8:45am -- 
    * Room 3214 (Daycare)
    * 12 responses so far, 2 of the kids are Adam's
    * 1 "maybe" for an under 2yo kid -- Adam will enquire
    * Margaret will send a reminder to respondees

* Accessibility
    * "No" to paying for and arranging one-talk ASL this year. Rob, will you let them know? Yes ðŸ‘

* Evening events?
    * Thursday informal, La Cocina OaxaquenÃ£, dinner-ish 
        * 1216 Pine St., Seattle, WA 98101
        - Yes: Rachel (+1?), Deb, VMB (+others), 
        - Maybe: Salt
        - No: Walter
        * VMB will email speakers with dinner and maybe the room monitoring? 
    * Friday? No one's heard from the FSF, right? 
        * Donald says they are doing apps somewhere
        * IBM money, too late for this year but thanks anyway? 
            * Margaret to find a place for Friday night dinner!
    * Dim Sum? Sunday, 11am Reservation at Ocean Star
        - Yes: Rob, Deb (+1), Salt, Adam (+1)
        - Maybe: Andy, Margaret
        - No: Rachel, Walter, VMB

* Hours for starting?
    * Walter heard from Lisa that she can be there at 7AM

## Materials - Program 

* Will also be printing "How to handle COC issues" for registration -- Kinko's 
    * And "how to do room monitoring" for room monitors - Kinko's
    * Room schedules? Just the titles, Rob will print. 
    * Twilio logo on childcare directions, Rob

The Box is in Lisa's office, nametags, markers, table cloth, the knife, room bags, etc. Adam?

## Financial

* Logos are all in! 
    * Deb can make some sponsor tweets, create a buffer account and have VMB add me? 
    * We need them for the program and the party "thank you slides"
    * Deb will look for this in google docs, slides last year were in keynote
        * https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/blob/master/fliers/2017/party_slides.pdf
        * https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/blob/master/fliers/2017/party_slides.key
        * Auto-advance? 

```
Procedure for having google slides automatically advance:
    On the file menu, select publish to web....
    There is an option to select how fast you want the slides to automaticaly advance. For testing purposes, usen 1 second, for production, at your discretion
     I think that for our purposes, check both start slideshow and restart the slideshow
     The textbox has the link that should be copied and pasted as needed.  This link is the one that actually has the rotating slide show.
     To make changes to the above settings, first stop publishing, then make the changes, then start publishing again.
```

## Program
* Any outstanding stage management stuff?
* Salt giving the Cascadia award on Saturday
* VMB introducing keynotes both days
* Salt and VMB doing a quick welcome together each morning plus any housekeeping
* VMB will toss together some housekeeping slides
* Deb will create the sponsor slides then share for VMB to use, too

## Media 

* Walter has been assigned Garrett to help with A/V 

## Party

* 6 - 10pm, programming between 7 and 8
* Rob, can you bring tickets? Tickets are in the boxes at SCC
* Adam and der.Hans are emceeing
* Lightning talks - Lucy Wyman emceeing
* Lighning talk entry forms: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/blob/master/fliers/2017/lightning_talk_entry_forms.pdf
    - 20 Printed
* Book giveaway
* Thanks to everyone! Sponsors and volunteers 
* Then just hang out

## Tech

* Rob - All good on my front!

* Please look at your calendar for a post-mortem date a week after SeaGL! (19-25)
    * Maybe the 20th? 
    * Whoever gets to it first, feel free to make a feedback google doc
