# October 29th, 6pm (PT)

Call info:
 Dial in number: 
 UberConference URL: 
 No Pin needed
 
Notes from last time: https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_10.25.2018

Attending: VMB (Deb asked whether I could run the meeting; she's traveling), Walter, Salt (sorta, in class for ~20 so going to be on the call but muted), Adam, Rob, hans

## Onsite

TeaGL - share the post: https://seagl.org/news/2018/10/12/TeaGL.html

- Do we have a list of evening events that are being organized? Something on Thursday? FSF on Friday? <- I haven't heard anything

* Thursday: IBM may have a budget for (diversity & inclusion) DNI dinner, Salt will verify
* Whoops, Friday: email went out about Thursday eastside dinner from attendee, yes, not dim sum, din tai fung
    * TODO: Could someone please follow up with Jose on this?
* Friday: Adam will verify with FSF, Donald usually organizes this afaik
* Maybe tweet out asking if anyone has plans?
    * VMB to queue up this tweet

- We need a list of things to print

* Programs?
    * Emily, Jacob's wife, is designing upside-down programs
    * If she doesn't get back to us, Rob will handle it
* Walter will re-print the room bag list
* (Salt) I can make the maps, these get printed (how many) also go in program; will get them to us soon
* Print up the map & post it outside the expo hall
    * Walter will follow up with Lisa & confirm we can post it outside the expo

- Need list of hours when we can get on site and must be off site

* Typical school hours: Everyone out by 6PM, hard deadline. Start…? Check with Lisa.
    * Walter heard from Lisa that she can be there at 7AM
        * Salt wonders whether security can let us in at 6AM
* Walter will ask Lisa

## Program

* All keynotes now on the schedule
* All talks tweeted or queued for tweeting
* Email going out to speakers early next week
* Maybe another just before the event?
* If there's anything you'd like me to include, drop me an email
    * Planned: hardware update (no mics), reminder about recording, TeaGL
    * Will add: fliers at Ada's, volunteer, link your videos in OSEM, …more?


## Outreach

- (Salt) Remind people about fliers at Ada's

## Media (is this A/V?) yup

* Thursday: onsite tech prep
    * Walter coordinating with the AV team
    * Deb has someone to take room bags around
    * Rob will get Lisa to hold the bags early (this weekend), so they'll be generally onsite; he'll let us know
    * Walter will coordinate between Deb, Rob, Walter to confirm bag distribution & volunteers
* Walter will email after the conference about getting the keynote videos up

## Tech

* Nothing to report. Woo!

## Financial

- (Salt) there are some website updates that need doing, I'm super overloaded with school stuff and would appreciate any assistance.
    * VMB: Salt, can you point us at a list? Oh, looks like you included info below. Thanks! <3
- (Salt) IBM's tutorial info needs to be on the webiste. This should be listed on the schedule and we should probably make some sort of announcement.
    * VMB will put on the site after she gets the info
    
```
When: afternoon of November 8th
Where: Chef office at 619 Western Ave, Seattle, WA 98104
Capacity: 20-30 max
Cost? Free!
RSVP link?
```

- (Salt) missing logos: Fedora, Gnome, JMP.chat, Linode, OpenHumans, Oracle (Do we know if it is the mysql logo or oracle?), Postgresql, Twilio, Indeed - someone needs to reach out/find a logo, creating a folder and add it to img/sponsors/, then edit _data/sponsors.yml
    * Logo parameters: don't matter; autosized
    * hans will lend a hand
    * https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/
- (Salt) An email with onsite details such as load-in/out times needs to go out to exhibitors ASAP. Does anyone have the bandwidth to do this/a draft I can modify?
    * Things to include: load in/out times, confirmation of attendance, confirmation of listing on website, lunches, TeaGL, …?
    * (https://seagl.org/sponsors/2018.html), reminder to pay if they haven't yet, ???
    * Will draft once we have better load in/out times
- (Salt) Is Pragmatic Programming an in-kind?
    * VMB: In kind/Media/whatever we call it. I'll add them to the site once I have more info from Brian (my editor)
- (Salt) Let me know if there are any new budget reimbursements that you think you have/will have
    * Sticker cost?
- (Salt) final version of venue contract arrived and has been sent to FSF
    * Woo, got the lower rate!
- (Salt) need to figure out what percentage of the program each sponsor gets, this info can be crossreferenced with the prospectus but needs to be done... again, any assistance appreciated (Salt will handle this)


Next scheduled all-hands SeaGL call is Thursday, Nov. 8th, 5pm <-- DAY BEFORE SEAGL!

* Gonna have one next week instead
* VMB will email
