October 11th, 5pm (PT)

Call info:
 Dial in number: 
 UberConference URL: 
 No Pin needed

Notes from last time: [https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_10.01.2018](./20181001-allhands.md)

Attending: Walter,Deb, Lisa, VMB, Rachel, Jeff, Rob, Adam (muted)

## Program

* Keynote travel funding?
  * All keynoters have reported in
  * Got the spreadsheet to Salt
* Still need an abstract from one keynoter
* About to start queuing up a bunch of tweets promoting talks
* Directly invited 10 speakers to write for opensource.com
* Deb intro'd me to a journalist who wants to interview speakers

## Media

Would need 6-8 volunteers per shift only need room monitors now (can still assist speakers connecting to projector)
How long could recording continue? Only until HDMI is unplugged, so no-go for this year. May have one alternative recorder to try on a few sessions.

Try novices on AV docs, can they reset? Speakers would have to redirect sound to HDMI once connected and play a few seconds of sound to "prime". Hauppauge stops recording and resets to no mic every time HDMI signal is lost / unplugged.

VMB to repost the self-recording instructions

Walter changed colors. can we borrow the same Canon DVCAM HFR40 as last year to record the keynotes?

Emailed Salt about the camera 

Lisa may have access to something too

The Shure mic works, Hans is bringing some equipment 

## Tech

Documented infrastructure, backups, restores!

Can we put a checkbox in the OSEM registration for "want childcare"?

Adam gave VM access to secrets keystore


## Outreach

Rachel reaching out to CS/IT depts at Portland colleges to get flyers approved for posting -- working on this

Rachel ordering hex stickers from Sticker Giant -- working on this

Salt to intro Hans to Ada's and send flyering volunteers to the bookstore, via the volunteers list 

Thanks Salt for putting the flyers together!

Rachel to email usergroups, please send her any that need including!

Full color logo? Check the GitHuB repo

Deb to check FB page bc the times might be weird

## Onsite

The call for onsite volunteers -- the tweets, emailed past volunteers? Deb will check. 

Childcare - survey in progress. Can we work this into the registration system (check box for childcare)? We will host childcare even if no one signs up.

TeaGL - tea swap! Saturday tea-swapping! All day and then really promote it in the Afternoon (VMB to make an event for the schedule and short blog post)

Other??

Next week: start sharing the list of things for Rob to print for use onsite 

We got a giant limited edition inflatable seagull for use onsite! 

Party -- Adam and Hans to emcee (matching hats?), Deb to script. Make sure the food is labled. 

Exciting Author event! Signed copy to give away! We will promote and thank the publisher!

Media Sponsor! (VMB to add)

## Financial

Speaker gifts -- Salt not here, still a surprise

Expo Hall

* Pretty much filled to capacity, yay!

Contract? may have gone up a little more than we were expecting

Adam can swing by for physical signing/conversation if needed, but Salt is handling all of the details

Save your receipts, someone on staff can pay and get reimbursed 

Rob can buy five USB-C to HDMI dongles. VMB is sharing a link for an approved one.

https://www.apple.com/shop/product/HFQL2VC/A/moshi-mini-displayport-to-hdmi-adapter-4k?fnode=8b

Next scheduled all-hands SeaGL call is Monday, Oct. 15th, 6pm

A reminder that this is a thing: https://github.com/seagl/organization
