<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/ -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# 2020-06-22 SeaGL Bi-Weekly All-Hands
- June 22nd, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:

    - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200608-allhands.md

- Attending: Nathan, Salt, Hans, Deb, Lucy, mguiney, Sechrest, Keith


<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Lucy :)

## Metrics
- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing

    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue

    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue

    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.

    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on

    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete


### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- format is <!-- Timebox: 10 minutes (until hh:mm) -->
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Facilitation by topic
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Lucy: enjoying alice cooper sidebar chat, like all of you, excited about what we are getting to do with the conference, these meetings are uplifting, excited about
- Deb: ditto^, really hope hallway track with inflatable seagull
- Nathan: excited for DnI track
- Hans: Alice Cooper has a Covid song, looking forward to participating in social justic statement and involvement
- Rachel: SeaGL is consistent space trying to overturn exclusion
- Ehash: in awe that everyone wants to run conference with what's going on, not writing new talks during pandemic
- Keith: good to hear all these ideas and excited to be part of the execution, esp hallway

<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda <!-- Timebox: xx minutes (until hh:mm) -->


<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 24 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->

### Statement supporting BLM and re-affirming our commitment to social justice
- https://seagl.org/news/2020/06/12/black-lives-matter.html
- [TODO] (Salt) follow-up email with Rachel and Deb

---

### Committee Updates

#### Impresario (Salt)
- [DONE] Draft a statement in an etherpad, date (this Friday?) by which it goes out
- [In-Progress] (Salt) put together meta chair meeting
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed

        -js,  Can outline toolset for virtual conferences. (see bottom)

    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (committee chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (committee chairs) determine how thier committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] (chairs) respond to email for chair meeting
- [TODO] send email about tech selection list

- **Important Links**
    - [domain description etherpad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- Need help creating press kits for community groups
- Did some recruiting for PR volunteers (!!)
- Ensure you don't need to have a Google account to participate
- Does inflatable SeaGL have a name? We should have a contest!

    - SIS: seagl the inflatable seagl

    - Gender neutral

    - Sam

    - If you want to help with contest let der.hans know

    - Can we get another SeaGL? $$? Time?  Not in the US (lol) - will ask if we can acquire another one (via Ebay?) Cheap ($30) if we can find just one


- [In-Progress] (Hans) organize cross-committee outreach meeting for next week
- [In-Progress] (Hans) schedule another PR and Outreach committee meeting, http://whenisgood.net/cd5fj5f/results/24fweny
- [TODO] (Hans) look at sticker pack examples and create description
- [TODO] create press kit for press
- [TODO] create press kit community groups
- [TODO] create ambassadors email template with Lucy
- [TODO] create contest to name inflatable seagull, should be gender neutral
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull

- **Important Links**
    - [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing )

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- How is the list of people to ask for fundraising sourced?

    - List from last year

    - Old documents

    - Recommendations welcome!

    - Look in lead-sheet below for details

    - suggestion to review sponsorship for groups on meetup for potential sponsors


- [DONE] update sponsor prospectus for virtual conference, due next Mon - Review if you have access!
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [In-Progress] create sponsor reach-out email template
- [TODO] (Salt) Finalize 2019 cash log
- [TODO] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [TODO] talk to OLF and LFNW about working together

- **Important Links**
    - [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376 )
    - [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0 )
    - [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf )
    - [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf )

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)
- [TODO] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [DONE] add Ian to techselection
    - (Rob) - Happy to do it, what's the email specifically to add?
- [DONE] create SeaGL 2020 Org mailinglist

##### Email and group alias audit
- SeaGL 2020 Org mailinglist lock-down?


##### SeaGL 2020 Organizer Mailinglist
- https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/d/forum/seagl2020
- Should this be publicly readable without joining the mailing list?

    - Readable only to mailing list members

    - Need to be a request to join

    - How does this impact other groups? For example voting on keynotes might want to be private

    - Usually anything public would go to the blog, so this email if public would be mostly for requesting volunteers, other pretty select use cases

    - Sensitive conversations (hiring, fundraising) should already be in more private email lists

    - New list, initially for emailing volunteers helping this year that don't have official emails

    - Announce email list is for announcements, this is separate

    - This is also for people interested in this year, not committing them to forever

    - Good way to get in contact with everyone

- This link fails for people not in SeaGL domain. 
- Link works for me, but I am signed in via SeaGL email

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- Where to host?

    - AWS? Costing people money


- [TODO] get site hosted somewhere for programming to start trying

- **Important Links**
    - [Remote Conference Support Discusion](https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643 )

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- js - Need "support" people at the tables to answer questions
- js - need "host" type folks to help introduce people to each other. 
- js - need help getting out to partner organizations to tell the seagl story. 
- js -  the choice of format will change which volunteers you need on the day of event. 
- js - note that slush.org has 10% of the attendees as "volunteers" who facilitate people getting to where they need
- js - Important to have 2 volunteers for each talk (1 for facilitation, time keeping, q/a and 2) for tech [muting, screenshare...])
- SCC students?
- Ask Lisa about folks to recruit volunteers from
- Assume support for parallel tracks
- js will paste list of tools to bottom of pad

- [TODO] (everyone) brainstorm volunteer needs, especially day-of now that virtual
- [TODO] consider who else to recruit for "core" team now that we are all virtual
- [TODO] (Lucy + der.hans) Write email template recruiting volunteers
- [TODO] Ask Lisa about folks to recruit volunteers from

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- Support for pre-recorded talks
- Urgent need for OSEM
- Keynote votes are done, reaching out to top vote getters. Will announce once speakers have confirmed
- Trial OSEM - getting close to the wire for programming committee to accept CFP applicants
- Who is working on OSEM? Salt will ensure priority
- Want to be able to support pre-recorded talk - flow that supports that, and platform.

- [TODO] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] test out OSEM instance and prepare for CFP
- [TODO] figure out how to support pre-recorded talks

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 3 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] work with Hans to get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)
- [TODO] organize hallway track/how to social at the conference email thread, etherpad, and follow-up call/meeting, change this to the focus of this committee
- [TODO] connect with Hans about restaraunt associations
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- Reminder about needing two volunteers per talk, one for tech and one for audience interaction/time-keeping

- [TODO] investigate live transcription, including cost
- [TODO] talk to Ian about recorded talks with Q/A
- [TODO] review JS's list

- **Important Links**
    - https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
    - https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
    - [hallway track possibility from der.hans](https://qiqochat.com/about )

##### JS's list
Possible tools to evaluate for doing the virtual conference. All of them have different sharp edges.  ( not all of these cope with large groups) 

    - Adobe connect

    - Airmeet

    - Bizzaboo

    - bizzyou.io

    - confcast.tv

    - Crowdcast

    - Discord - Open Source - Limited video choices

    - Facebook/facetime

    - Free conference call

    - Google duo

    - Google Hangouts

    - Google Meet

    - Goto meeting

    - Hopin

    - icebreaker.video

    - Jitsi - Open source, hard to manage groups 

    - Join.me

    - Kakao

    - Kast

    - Line 

    - Meetaway.com

    - Miro

    - MS Teams 

    - Mural 

    - qiqochat

    - Remo.co - Used for Seattle Angel Conference in order to support the law of 2 feet. 

    - Same Page

    - Slack 

    - Stormboard

    - Video Facilitator

    - Webex

    - Wechat

    - Whatsapp

    - Youtube live

    - Zoom


    - (if you want a law of 2 feet, many of these fall away)

    - (If you want large groups, many will take some thinking)

    - (If you use jitsi, you can do a "distributed" one, but will need website work to organize it)


##### SCC Update (Lisa)

---

### Year eight theme (Salt)
- https://star.vote/seagl2020theme/
- Octave (A harmonious year for free software) -- most points, "pursuing harmony through free software"
- OSI Layer 8 -- wins by most acceptable
- Run-off, another week with just the top three

- [TODO] (Salt) create and send out new run-off poll


<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 24 hours of the meeting) -->


---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- Select theme: ~~Beginning~~ End of June
- Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: ~~Mid~~ End of June
- First contact for Sponsors: ~~Mid~~ End of June
- CFP open: ~~Mid June~~ Beginning of July
- CFP close: Mid August
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, June 29 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.06.29
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round

- Deb: weekly meetings can feel like a lot, just make sure to add your notes and read minutes over after on weeks you can't make it
- M. Guiney: nice to know about voting on theme
- Nathan: would like to have more balancing of committee updates, less time on front matter, less rushing of committee updates
- Hans: good to see progress from other committees and hear from everyone
- JS: fundamental decisions about virtual that need to be made before going forward, start using tools instead of phone call, decisions that matter for each other seem to be split across commitees
- Keith: picking a tool and using them for meetings is a great idea

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (D) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list
    (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank
    (G) update link in calendar (H) clear authorship colors
-->


