<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

2020-12-06 â€” SeaGL 2020 Tech Team Tuning
==========
- December 6th, 2020. 1400 Pacific Time
- Jitsi URL: https://meet.seattlematrix.org/seagl-tech

Metrics
----------
- Attendees: 
- Apologies: 

<!--
- Check-in round
- Does anyone need to leave early?
- Who can be the primary note taker for this meeting?
-->

<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order and timeboxes (in 5 minute increments)

    - choose rooms for discussions that can happen in parallel

    - leave 10 minutes for review + meeting evaluation

    - adjust for anyone who needs to leave early

-->

Agenda
----------

- We have plenty to discuss, the main goal is to have a single place to open issues and assign tasks so that we aren't rushed when SeaGL 2021 organization begins
- While 2 hours have been scheduled for this meeting, the idea is to move through anything that needs input from everyone, then create a number of breakouts for research/implementation
- Below are a number of topics, and estimated timeboxes, which we will want to cover. Once a timebox runs out, we'll use lean-style voting to decide whether to keep discussing before moving on
- Please feel encouraged to add thoughts/topics beforehand!

<!--
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) [Timebox: XX minutes]
- What output is being sought?: 
- Who should be involved?: 
- Anyone else interested?: 

#### Discussion
- 

---
-->

### Repository Selection [Timebox: 5 minutes]
- What output is being sought?: deciding whether to stick with GitHub or move to GitLab or elsewhere
- Who should be involved?: everyone

#### Discussion
- Biggest pro of GH is that we are already there, meaning folks have accounts and (somewhat) know how to interact. GH is also generally more friendly to non-devops folk.
- GL is more FLOSS friendly (though not totally) and where many projects have decided to move to after Microsoft bought GH or after they gave up another older VCS

---

### OSU OSL Hosting [Timebox: 15 minutes]
- What output is being sought?: awareness of what we've been offered, plan for working out any details asynchronously
- Who should be involved?: everyone

#### Discussion
- a list of (not by any means finalized) requested items can be found on the [OSUOSL Trello board](https://trello.com/b/1b97B6Ud/seagl-migration)
- rather than doing the organizational work there, we should hold those discussions in our (newly decided upon) repository, likely as an issue

---

### Assets Management [Timebox: 10 minutes]
- What output is being sought?: decision on where organization wide assets should be stored (e.g. the logo)
- Who should be involved?: everyone

#### Discussion
- individual teams may use other tooling within themselves, but things need to be stored in a way that everyone can access them if communication channels are down
- Google Drive has been alright, but we are moving more things away from proprietary lock-in
- NextCloud worked okay, but has some rough edges, also it would be nice to minimize the number of services people have to signup for
- Downsides of using git? Filesize and binary diffs are two that come to mind, but are those bad enough to avoid this?

---

### Repository Organization [Timebox: 10 minutes]
- What output is being sought?: list of repositories to setup/expand/remove, settings to tweak
- Who should be involved?: everyone

#### Discussion
- Website and Org repo, separate Infrastructure repo? Others?
- How should we handle access? [GH teams](https://github.com/orgs/SeaGL/teams) is currently mishandled imho
- Separate "committees" as labels or ?

---

### Mailinglists Host [Timebox: 10 minutes]
- What output is being sought?: decide on whether (and where) to migrate the seagl mailinglists
- Who should be involved?: Salt, Ian
- Anyone else interested?: 

#### Discussion
- Ian (of the FSF) has offered to migrate our mailinglists from Google Groups to Mailman 3
- The biggest con I see is a fragmentation of services where our things are located, but that seems a reasonable tradeoff

---

### 2020 Task Close-out Confirmation [Timebox: 10 minutes]
- What output is being sought?: confirm the list of tasks to close-out seagl 2020, make sure that we have the right name next to each task
- Who should be involved?: everyone

#### Discussion
- Below are various lists copied from the SeaGL 2020 Retrospective, as well as the discussions in the tech-adjacent committees


##### Retrospective TODOs
- [ ] writing closing 2020 blog posts (Hans/Ben)
    - [ ] blog post on SeaGL 2020 tech stack, there and back again and again and again, include release of codebase (Tech Team)
- [ ] upload videos (Romeo)
    - [x] decide on license
    - CC BY-SA 4.0 International
    - [ ] get Romeo access to pre-recorded speaker videos (Hans/Don)
    - [ ] Convince art department to make a 4:3 pandemic seagl logo square thing for use in final video (Ben)
    - [ ] make TeaGL toast video, send to Romeo, can be wearing mask [mug to camera -> pull away and sip -> return mug to camera] (everyone)
    - [ ] transcribe videos  (Romeo/Keith)
    - [x] decide on locations to host (archive.org [default, target links], youtube, fsf peertube?)
    - [ ] notify Nathan/Rachel once videos are on archive.org so they can spot check and prepare blog posts/emails (Romeo)
- [ ] spin down/update infrastructure (Don/Andrew/Keith)
    - [ ] [redirect irc channels](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/MovingChannels#Forwarding) (Salt/Don)
    - This should be temp, drop registration a few weeks later
    - [ ] confirm whether anything that was stood up/expanded has been reduced/removed (Tech Team)
    - [ ] jitsi
    - [ ] bbb
    - [x] osem
    - [x] azure
    - [ ] aws
    - [ ] Rob's account?
    - [x] Andrew's account
    - [ ] castr
    - [x] seagl.org
    - [ ] ???
- [ ] update get involved/ participate page (Andrew/Hans)
- [ ] Publish attend.seagl.org repository (Andrew)


##### Website & Technical (sntxrr, Andrew)
- ALL THE APPLAUSE
- Live captioning would have been great
- Should have run through everything as a participant before the event
- May have been easier if we'd just gone through OBS
- WE PULLED IT OFF CAN'T BE SAID ENOUGH - Y'ALL ARE AMAZING
- People saying "I want this as a product", got questions about having folks work for other conferences
- Would love to see this more widely used - will we be releasing documentation publicly?
    - yes
- KiwiIRC amazing - kudos to Andrew!
- Some nitpicks with Jitsi - a bit inflexible, the IRC plugin to kiwi & the rest was pretty annoying, should have disabled Jitsi Chat, but it can all be worked out.
- Majority of users just experienced kiwiIRC stuff.  we didn't prioritize longtime irc users, but instead unfamiliar users which was a HUGE HUGE HUGE shift that probably brought in hundreds of users
- Still, we should have smoothed the interactions between other irc clients and kiwi
- Will be working to get stuff upstreamed (e.g. Jitsi plugin)
- Would love to see this written up on opensource.com
- Maybe having some of the committees so separated slowed us down a bit?
- Staff experience was great for this too
- Want live transcription obviously and we'll get there for next year!
- There was no testing for mobile experience
- Some pain for new irc users, but way less than expected
- Not enough tech volunteers, too much development work to achieve everything
- Higher priority on getting folks to help with tech earlier on
- One big flaw was how hard-wired we needed humans to be for a 2 days straight (Thank you sntxrr!!)
    - We can script much of this to be better for next time and not so human-dependent
    - redundancy is a great thing, let's work on it for next year!
- Gotta centralize repos/docs/issues for drive-by contributors
- IRC room counts: https://andrew.kvalhe.im/+e1mb787nbriqupxtach6bcgz8pcztfda

###### Bikeshed
- [TODO] (sntxrr) get osem hosted somewhere for Andrew to test upstream
    - It's complicated; work started at https://github.com/AndrewKvalheim/osem/tree/trial
- [TODO] (Salt) work on osuosl transition, get those with trello access the initial list of asks (keith, sntxrr, andrew)
- [TODO] change social account logins to use social@seagl.org address
    - [ ] (Salt) Twitter
    - [ ] (??) Facebook
    - [ ] ?? what other accounts do we have?
- [TODO] scripting the stream swapping
- [TODO] look into why seagl email is going to spam
- [TODO] verify how irc room creation from within kiwi acts
    - bot shouldn't enter unless bot creates room via !cr
- [TODO] (Tree) see if there's a worldlist filter to set a mute on someone, maybe for a length of time with a warning?
- [TODO] (Tree) add a link to help on kiwi irc somewhere in the bot, !chathelp?


##### Audio/Visual (Romeo)
- We have basically no TeaGL Toasts. We have what we had before the conf + 2. I think that brings our total to 7? imho not enough for a promo
    - it would be good to get some more toasts in, masks and other accessories OK
- YouTube livestream recording exists - audio desync, choppy video sometimes, people cut off early, volunteers video/voice in the talk
- BBB feed has microphones+individual webcam feeds+screen recording+slideshows. Also has in-between volunteer discussion that I can cut
- BBB feeds are difficult to organized and have long terrible filenames
- I know nothing about transcription
- we gave $20 to Kevin MacLeod?
    - Adam gave this money personally
    - SeaGL should give $20 officially
    - link to policy?
- I haven't decided a style for final rendering but I am thinking something similar to how DEFCON does it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzGwO5L9oq4
- would be awesome to prioritize keynote
- big thanks to a/v <3
- should have internal doc that links to each videos
- should link to "our" copies rather than the speaker versions

###### Bikeshed
- [TODO] get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description etherpad]


##### Participant Party & Hallway Track (Keith, Tree)
- (Salt) would have been nice to have matrix bridges setup ahead of time
- (Salt) we got lucky not having any spammers, should have a plan incase
- (Tree) Over-all, The TLDR is very positive. From my viewpoint I think it went rather smoothly, and I only have a few brief points.
- The SeaGL-Bot worked better than I originally anticipated. I overestimated the amount of user requests it would service. However there are many opportunities for improvement;
- But to mention 1 in  particular, was the hard requirement of SASL auth from AWS to Freenode that we hit the night before. However, it wasn't a show-stopper. Special thank you to sntxrr for figuring out what and where to host it from.
- I had a lot of fun developing the bot, and invite you to submit issues on github for feature requests and improvements, in the event it gets used again. https://github.com/treedavies/seagl-2020-bot
- Next Year I hope we keep the virtual conference aspect, even if we are able to have an in-person conference. This way attendees who cannot travel can also attend, and we can grow the visibility of the conference.
- I thought the speaker line-up was great. The talks selected were right for beginner to intermediate technical level, the speakers were fun educational and engaging.
- I had a great time, and enjoyed working with everyone. You are all amazing people and I feel like I found a tribe of individuals who share in my values and perspective on the world. :) <3

- reduce bot restarts (e.g. when adding volunteer nicks)
- didn't feel like there was time to focus on the party stuff
- would have been nice to pull in cool experience things like vr/hubs, https://16colo.rs/
- still lots to learn
- after party went unilt 03:30 pacific
- we could have set better expectations for hallway track
- hallway track setup was confusing for attendees
- we were changing irc channel topics by hand, we mostly was Salt
- next year, it would be good to have topics botted or at least pre-set
- we should plan after-talk flow
- perhaps point people at the hallway track for post-talk chatter
- nice to have less booze focussed events
- base party room that is family friendly, we set tone, can invite people to breakout rooms that aren't restricted
- should have had less channels to avoid splitting the crowd until needed
- more outreach to "drag people along"
- kids and pets !

###### Bikeshed
- [TODO] Link for the bot help on KiwiIRC
- [TODO] fill out [domain description etherpad]

---

### Reference Link Gathering [Timebox: 5 minutes]
- What output is being sought?: collect misc (potentially tech relevant) links before the get lost
- Who should be involved?: everyone

#### Discussion
- 2020 tech docs
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_techprep
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation_final
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_freenode_channels
    - https://github.com/treedavies/seagl-2020-bot/blob/master/seagl-bot-doc
- 2020 social docs
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/master/volunteer-2020
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hunt
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_trivia
- 2020 assets
    - [nextcloud graphics folder](https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/SXjcZ5pZrojEKbA)
    - [old gdrive promotional graphics folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu)
    - [programming team graphics folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1p_Cn8hR1b9jSuDkpi-ai6Ojk0xOLPktW)
- 2020 lists of people
    - [seagl 2020 volunteers](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit#gid=0)
    - [seagl 2020 speaker rooms](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MOx_lfzhkXlRPHGjUlhXDmhSpeZhV12YqYRhftKBpGI/edit#gid=0)
- for future research
    - [Dockerized BBB](https://github.com/alangecker/bigbluebutton-docker)
    - [OSEM Remote Conference Support Discusion](https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643)
    - [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting](https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster)
    - [Calla - spatial video conferencing software](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24710948)
    - [ActivityPub Conf Breakdown](https://conf.tube/videos/embed/87bc99dd-b1b8-4fc3-b034-dca805388179)
    - [Notes from an online free-software conference](https://lwn.net/Articles/830436/)
    - https://debconf-video-team.pages.debian.net/docs/online_volunteer_roles.html
    - https://freenode.net/catalysts
    - https://freenode.net/policies
    - https://freenode.net/philosophy
    - https://freenode.net/kb/answer/conduct

---

Next Meetings
----------

### SeaGL Org Organizing
- organizational alignment, infrastructure update
- ~1.5 hours, 12/7 - 12/14
- https://whenisgood.net/3kjzmwt

### SeaGL 2021 Kick-off
- February/March
- Polling email to go out 2nd week of January

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->
- 

Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
----------

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->
<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
----------

- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):
    #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
    javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->



