<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-10-05 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- October 5th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200928-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Romeo, Andrew, Deb, Nathan, Salt, Lucy, der.hans, Alison, Tree, sntxrr, Monica, Ben, Rachel
- Current: Salt, Rachel, der.hans, Andrew, Nathan, Ben, Deb, Don/sntxrr, Keith, Lucy, Tree
- Apologies: Romeo

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Andrew

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 5
- Talks Submitted: 85
- Speakers Submitted: 64
- Talks Accepted: 24/36 -> 36
- Ambassadors: 9 -> 
- TeaGL Signups: ??
- Sponsors: ??
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??
- Office Hours attendance: ??

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Ben: Good meeting, worth going a few minutes late
- Andrew: looks good
- Rachel: very productive meeting, feeling much lifted up as a result, appreciate you all.  thank you all <3
- Lucy: excited about deciding on 36 talks, excited things are picking up
- Deb: glad things are coming together, definitely want a Patch patch
- Tree: will chat about irc out of band, looks like things are happening
- Hans: glad that we have a strong batch of talks, very ready to make the gift orders


<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->


## Agenda

### Committee Updates

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- Sent out talk decisions
    - 23 Confirmed talks (not counting keynotes)
    - No waitlist
- Stated program committee retrospective
- Published second keynote announcement/interview: https://seagl.org/news/2020/09/29/duffy-keynote-interview.html
- Schedule: upcoming (confirmations due by end of next Tuesday)

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] eventually do a run through of pre-recorded talks
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year
- [TODO] offer pre-recording & practicing times

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] Send email out to confirmed speakers reminding of a couple details like 20m timeslot

##### Important Links

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- Can we please merge https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/205 ?
- Updated spreadsheet to have three columns for new track

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Lucy)  an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers (regular decision making throughout the year, not specifically day-of)
- [DONE] (Lucy) Update existing seagull naming blog post https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/209

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- Captioning provider looking for confirmation, number of tracks
    - 9–5, three tracks; 18 × 45 (810) min per day
    - 4.5 hours per track, 1h per day of keynotes, 3 tracks per day, 29h total programming

##### TeaGL (Monica, not present)
- Suggested social media push, also staff should sign up if they plan to participate

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [TODO] look into transcription options to whitecoat
    - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/media-services/latest/live-transcription
    - https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/media-services/
    - https://otter.ai/

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] take numbers back to transcriber for more solid quote
    - 9–5, three tracks; 18 × 45 (810) min per day
    - 4.5 hours per track, 1h per day of keynotes, 3 tracks per day, 29h total programming

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social -- we have a few more to go

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [How LPC used BBB to run a conference]: https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/830436/32e90fdf8ae0cf7f/
- [TeaGL signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/qsiw2pCb5sKPPaCg

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- design guide almost ready
- PixelFed account for picture sharing, https://pixelfed.social/SeaGL

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] add/write blog posts
    - [ ] (der.hans) post and promo for ambassadors initiative
    - [ ] theme blog post
    - [ ] (Deb and Hans) talk to Indeed/Alison about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts
- [DONE] plan badge/schedule that people can print and customize to build creativity and self identification
    - email emilie (original design) or andrew (did last year's version)?
- [TODO] create schedule of topic/pin update verifications
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [DONE] Submit request for graphics assistance
- [TODO] figure out the minimum submission of a request for a press kit to a design site
- [PASSED] (Salt) update flyers for virtual
    - use pandemic logo
- [TODO] create blog button
- [DONE] (ben to talk to Fedora Design team for help) look at sticker pack examples and create description
    - https://gitlabfan.com/gitlab-stickers-for-telegram-and-slack-16639b2c126
- [TODO] find/create documentation for blog merging process
- [TODO] find/create documentation for access to Twitter posting
- [DONE] get Ben access to post to Twitter acct
- [In-Progress] promote TeaGL
- [In-Progress] order seagull plushies
- [DONE] finalize speaker gift details

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] New designers to update 2020 Flyer for virtual, use pandemic logo
- [TODO] Create web and social banners
- [TODO] get info to ada's for promotion

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
    - http://www.antibes.co.uk/inflatables/ok/E1851897724.htm
- [TODO] Submit a request to [OSWD](http://www.oswd.org )
    - is this the right place? maybe should be https://opensourcedesign.net/jobs/
    - would this be helpful? http://opendesignkit.org/
    - ask about sticker packs, press kit, letterhead, etc.
    - see whether there are other groups to query

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing
- [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
- [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social
- [style guide]: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/85
- [PixelFed]: https://pixelfed.social/SeaGL
- [Twitter]: https://twitter.com/seagl
- [Mastodon]: https://mastodon.social/@seagl

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- reached out to some more potential sponsors
- reached out to Remy for Spotify

##### Reminders
- Reach out to your employer and other potential sponsors with the prospectus (listed below) and update the lead sheet so we don't double up (also below)
- Update lead sheet when you contact a potential sponsor

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
    - [TODO] schedule committee meeting with new volunteer (Hans)
- [In-Progress] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] (Salt) reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
- [In-Progress] (Salt) take over payments to the physical storage rental space
- [TODO] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [TODO] follow up with plush seagull vendor (Hans)
- [TODO] get sponsors on website
- [TODO] reimburse Keith $100 for Hopin

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] follow up with FSF about finalizing 2020 books, get update on cashlog (Hans)
- [TODO] (Deb) Follow up with FSF about matching SeaGL's gift to Women in Linux

##### Bikeshed
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest Sorry what is this for? Bikeshed, so not too important right now... the idea was to have discounts/vouchers at local restraurants
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=166062536
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf
- [Sponsorship FAQ]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPqypsOF2ONfKCVd3D_tiGqS5i13SbVePD-aPEEPYQg/edit

---

#### Impresario (Salt)


##### Speaker Gifts
- Have vendor, proofs done for SeaGL, FSF, LFNW variants

##### Honoraria
- Reached out to Tameika Reed about donating the funds we intended for the honoraria
    - Choice between 1K and 2K
    - 2K gets our logo on the newsletter
- Trying to get Red Hat as a matching sponsor so we can up to 2k
- could we have another conference match?
    - It might muddle the logo thing
    - Asking about a gift match with FSF?
        - maybe, need to consider if this makes sense

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs (thank you to interim/folks lacking a co-chair)
    - Website & Technical (thanks Andrew)
    - Finance & Fundraising (thanks Hans)
    - Promotion & Outreach (thanks Hans)
    - Logistics & On"Site" (thanks Deb)
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track (thanks Keith)
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how their committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts
- [In-Progress] (Deb) Talk with Tameika and say that we're funding something specifically vs. here's a pile of cashola ($1000 earmarked)
- [TODO] (Salt) draft blog post about honoraria changes

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)
- Today: Decide between pursuing homebrew solution or Hopin (proprietary)
    - uncertainty about the decision late in the meeting
    - How soon can we start writing guides for the homebrew solution?
    - Can we decide on just speakers tonight, postpone hallway track a week?
        - No, use Hopin for all or nothing
    - 2600 managed with only a week lead time, we need much longer to prepare speakers (esp. new), train volunteers
    - Plan for making postponed decision: By Saturday, demo instances for speakers and attendees
- Homebrew (Jitsi Meet + Kiwi IRC + IRC bot, not BBB):
    - proof of concept running
    - challenges with state of kiwi plugin, got help from a maintainer
    - need to find hardware for 1u rack hosting
- Decision making document by Saturday with:
    - irc bot workflows/commands
    - logins (for every personas) and pros/cons per platform
        - speaker, volunteer, attendee, sponsor
    - proposed design changes from what we have

##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)
- Still need to translate our wishlist email to concrete steps
    - volunteers?
    - Keith can help with the stuff he can figure out

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- messed around with deployment while debugging email
- https://github.com/SeaGL/osem/commit/484355539a7a480842b2bcbb53cf75e2daaa25bb#diff-d02ed7e18be8b0dd393e36953b8d3464

##### IRC Bot (Tree)
- Coming along: room creation, listing rooms (challenges with IRC rate limiting), joining a topic list
- In progress: ??? using topic lists…
- Future: anti-abuse
- Detail functionality with Keith
- Need to pre-register #seagl-* channels
    - Talk to Nathan

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [BUMP] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [BUMP] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [TODO] let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too.
- [TODO] change social account logins to use social@seagl.org address
    - [ ] Twitter
    - [ ] ?? what other accounts do we have?
- [DONE] (Andrew) Follow up with solution to OSEM email problem.

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] draft decision making doc for tech stack
- [TODO] get keith trello access and the initial list of asks

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster
- [OSUOSL Trello board]: https://trello.com/b/1b97B6Ud/seagl-migration

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)


##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 2 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)
- revamped https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
- Hallway track - Gather ideas, focus on some options to connect, etc
- Expo Hall - how many Tables? Other ideas..
- Attendee Party - Gather ideas, Add Scavenger Hunt and Trivia ideas
- We did trivia last year I can try to find our questions and answers (either for inspiration or no overlap)
- Can we delegate trivia/MC roles?
    - Trivia: Reach out to Sumana
    - Scavenger hunt: ???

##### Reminders
- add things to the hallway track brainstorming pad (listed below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] test irc/jitsi integration solution, https://github.com/kiwiirc/plugin-conference
    - Super slick, but not working! Needs debugging to make it work for a hallway track. One-click Jitsi room with link.
    - Need to code up a bot to capture link and send queries, so anyone can create chat rooms and/or join them
- [In-Progress] setup jitsi test server
- [TODO] (everyone) generate trivia questions

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
- [techstack options and tasks]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack


---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [ ] SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
    - Still needs to be done at some point
- [ ] Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
    - incoming from programming committee
- [/] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [ ] Highlight the hours that the conference takes place on social
    - 9-5pm ish?
    - will have hours once we figure out schedule, couple weeks away
- [/] announce ambassadors initiative (Hans)
- [ ] Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers
- [/] Call for volunteers

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- Virtual attendee party idea: September
- Announce talks: Early October
- Testing of speaker infrastructure: Mid October
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: 2 weeks before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, October 12 @ 5pm PT wooooo
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.10.12
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->


## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Keith: thanks everyone for feedback, big thanks to sntxrr and tree for work on FLOSSy solution, looking forward to everything
- Rachel: excited to see what we end up picking and playing with what we have
- Nathan: getting nervous, excited to see all of the good things coming up
- Deb: meeting was great, so many updates, difficult bits went well, fun bits are all moving forward
- Ben: good meeting, excited to see what we come up with for platform and next 5 weeks
- Tree: good meeting, will keep moving forward on irc bot, available for questions/concerns
- Sntxrr: great meeting, love seeing all of the work being put into a project everyone is passionate about
- Andrew: excited to get to play with kiwi stuff
- Hans: got a lot done, lots left to do, thanks everybody, great to see new volunteers, especially ones making an immediate impact


<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->



