<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-08-31 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- August 31st, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- We are going to try BBB for the meeting, everyone should have received an invitation. If not, please let Salt know ASAP and he'll look into it.
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## UberConference
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200824-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Lucy Nathan, Salt, der.hans, Andrew, Rachel, Monica, Ben
- Current: der.hans, Salt, Andrew, Natahn, Lucy, Deb
- Apologies: Ben, Rachel, Monica (will be 15 or so late)


<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Andrew

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 3 -> 3
- Talks Submitted: 52 -> 60
- Speakers Submitted: 41 -> 47
- Ambassadors: 9 -> 9
- Sponsors: ??
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Lucy: very excited for bed, seagl work paid off intrinsicly, excited for great talks, keynoters, teagl
- Andrew: good meeting, time flies like a seagull, nervousness building
- Ben: good to see everyone again, and excited to get child to bed
- Monica: cool to make it to full meeting, please be gracious with notes, excited for teagl and the naming contest
- Hans: thanks for putting up with tech difficulites, we seem to be doing good, excited about teagl look forward to melding this for incoming years
- Rachel: excited about potential closure on honorarium, things feel like they are moving along, decided to take tomorrow off, maybe a good choice for you!
- Nathan: excited, love the little plushies, excited for new keynoter

<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->


## Agenda

---

### Committee Updates

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- seagull naming final 4 (Lucy)
- emails to SeaGL2020 and Ambassadors lists about extended cfp
- Ambassadors blog post draft PR
- updated Mastodon account to use Lucy's pandemic seagull for the avatar
- Ideas:
    - Physical fliers bundled with e.g. Ada's online order pickups
    - Badges on websites, Deb could design a rectangle -- if a  more savvy person is not available -- but not produce the Javascript/LibreJS/HTML

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Hans) look at sticker pack examples and create description
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
    - http://www.antibes.co.uk/inflatables/ok/E1851897724.htm
- [TODO] plan badge/schedule that people can print and customize to build creativity and self identification
- [TODO] post and promo for ambassadors initiative
- [TODO] create schedule of topic/pin update verifications
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [TODO] theme blog post
- [TODO] promote SeaGL2020@
- [TODO] (Hans) bring in new blog posts from promo mtg
- [In-Progress] (Deb and Hans) talk to Indeed about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts
- [DONE] (Der) Put up PR for Ambassadors blog post
- [TODO] Submit a request to OSWD (http://www.oswd.org)
- [TODO] figure out the minimum submission of a request for a press kit to a design site

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] update flyers for virtual
    - use pandemic logo
- [TODO] create blog button

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing
- [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
- [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- Quiet Week
- 1.5 weeks left in extended CFP
- VM Interview post delayed
- Update from FSF re honoraria, still pending but pessimistic.
    - Plan B: Donation to a cause?
- Transcription sponsorship will likely cover only one track.
    - Second track paid by SeaGL
- Schedule explicit time for the expo. hall
    - eg Give each sponsor an hour, or two or three 30 minute slots

#### TeaGL (Monica)
- Working on a sign-up sheet
    - Implementation: Google Forms or Nextcloud (via Hans?)
- How should we promote it?
    - Typical: social media accounts, mailing lists, blog post, word of mouth
    - TeaGL as a tool for promoting SeaGL
    - Monica has an opportunity to promote on a radio show.
- Sign-ups ready by mid-September
- Blurb ??? Is great!!

##### Reminders
- Office hours, Wednesdays at noon in #seagl on freenode (Everyone is welcome! Not just programming)
- Please volunteer for a shift or two for SeaGL office hours, Wednesdays 12pm PDT
    - [office hours signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/SS4ZA6FfT6Y3ygL
- Please share CFP on your channels! Particularly to folks who wouldn't usually travel, or otherwise remote folks
- Personally invite 2-5 people to submit talks to the CFP (or 15, go you!)

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] eventually do a run through of pre-recorded talks
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year
- [In-Progress] (everyone) Promote CFP extension!

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Hans) Provide Nextcloud access to Monica.

##### Important Links

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- Dawn responded about 2019
    - 2 checks haven't been cashed, otherwise 2019 is complete
    - SeaGL hadn't been credited for 2018 Indeed sponsorship, that has been rectified
- Deb brought in a recurring sponsor: Amazon
- Allen Institute, Adam M. confirmed that they are cool
- Invite sponsors to TeaGL.
- Ask sponsors for ~30s video content to mix in
    - Like DebConf, HOPE
    - Not ads

##### Reminders
- Reach out to your employer and other potential sponsors with the prospectus (listed below) and update the lead sheet so we don't double up (also below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [DONE] Finalize 2019 cash log
- [TODO] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [In-Progress] review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] Hans will CC nhandler@seagl.org and Outreach and follow-up on email thread
- [TODO] reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
- [TODO] take over payments to the physical storage rental space
- [TODO] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [In-Progress] follow up with Indeed on captioning sponsorship (Deb and Hans)
- [In-Progress] (Lucy) Ask Puppet and New Relic for $$$

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] update sponsor registration form now that we are virtual
- [TODO] update sponsor prospectus to have new number for transcription services, also re-order vouchers to be in one column (right) for better formatting
- [TODO] (Salt) check with Sole Repair about uncashed check
- [TODO] update lead sheet

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=166062536
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- Honestly did nothing this week (besides name contest).
- Drafts of blog posts coming this week

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-progress] (Lucy) Continue running Seagull naming contest
- [In-progress] (Lucy) Reach out to list of email lists about CFP + volunteer opportunities
- [TODO] (Lucy) Call for Volunteers blog post
- [TODO] (Lucy) Start planning email schedule + volunteer training

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- TODO's removed that were no longer relevant
- Waiting for hallway track technology to be figured out next

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social -- we have a few more to go
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)

##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)
- We now have a Trello board to track progress towards migration
    - ask Salt if you'd like an invite

##### Email and group alias audit
- removing this from weekly check-ins

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- No updates

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [BUMP] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [BUMP] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [BUMP] change social account logins to use the social@seagl.org address
    - [TODO] Twitter
- [TODO] let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too.
- [DONE] (Andrew) Apply headset logo to website.

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)
- Cooking/baking
    - Maybe Mako would want to do something?
    - Han's friend is interested, would need to know what we want.

##### Reminders
- add things to the hallway track brainstorming pad (listed below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] connect with Hans about restaraunt associations
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] test irc/jitsi integration solution, https://github.com/kiwiirc/plugin-conference
    - Super slick, but not working! Needs debugging to make it work for a hallway track. One-click Jitsi room with link.
    - Need to code up a bot to capture link and send queries, so anyone can create chat rooms and/or join them

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) Talk to Mako about doing a cooking night.

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)
- Romeo is unavailable for next few weeks.

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 3 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] work with Hans to get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- Updated CoC on website
- Speaker swag
    - Custom magic eight ball? Full size vs keychain
    - If it's costly (esp. shipping), offer to make a donation in the speaker's name instead?
    - Need to work out details of shipping, set limits, etc.
    - Unknown ahead of time how many speakers are international.

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs
    - Website & Technical
    - Finance & Fundraising
    - Promotion & Outreach
    - Logistics & On"Site"
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how thier committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] Create detailed plan for creating, fulfilling swag.
- [TODO] get nathan twitter creds
- [TODO] talk to mako about cooking friday / cocktail hour

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/

---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [ ] SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
    - Still needs to be done at some point
- [ ] Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
- [ ] (Lucy) Name the SeaGL seagull competition ðŸ¦†, by end of week so week to submit ideas
    - Lucy will start draft post of how we picked the winner
- [ ] Highlight the hours that the conference takes place on social
- [x] Remind about Office Hours (Hans)
    - Nathan made a blog post about this, please share on your social networks, email friends
- [/] announce ambassadors initiative (Hans)
- [ ] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [ ] Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers
- [ ] Call for volunteers
- [/] TeaGL, from Monica in a week or so

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- Virtual attendee party idea: September
- Announce talks: End of September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: week before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, September 7 @ 5pm PT (Labor Day )
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.09.07
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->


## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Deb: doing good job of cross committee chatter, appear to not be dropping things, feels respectful and efficient
- Monica: can't wait to get blurbs out and talk TeaGL up, excited to work on infrastructure side as well, especially sharing on a podcast
- Hans: great seeing things getting done, panicking about how much is left
- Nathan: alls good here, excited that transcription is going to happen, looking forward to social tweeting
- Salt: glad we appear to be doing alright despite not actually meeting in person
- Andrew: wish we could do more on mastodon

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->

