<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-09-28 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- September 28th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200921-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Salt, Romeo, der.hans. Lucy, Ben Nathan, Andrew, Rachel, Keith, Deb
- Current: Romeo, Andrew, Deb, Nathan, Salt, Lucy, der.hans, Alison, Tree, sntxrr, Monica, Ben, Rachel
- Apologies: 

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Lucy

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 5
- Talks Submitted: 85
- Speakers Submitted: 64
- Talks Accepted: 24/36
- Ambassadors: 9 -> 9
- Sponsors: ??
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??
- Office Hours attendance: ??

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Lucy: Good to get clarity on the tech stack, excited about keynotes
- Keith: Excited for keynotes, please signup for Hopin testing if you have some time
- Ben: Good to be back, excited about how things are coming together, excited about 8 ball
- Deb: Missed everyone glad to be back, excited about keynotes, everything feels on track, today was productive
- Andrew: Apologies for distracted notetaking, please fill in question marks
- Hans: Excited for naming contest finale and keynote announcements
- Rachel: Appreciate help with TeaGL blog post, we need to help each other more this year and that's good for community care, all in this together, looking forward to Hopin testing and really looking forward to talk selection
- Romeo: 10/10 meeting, hope to have techstack info next week

<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->


## Agenda

### Committee Updates

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- Program largely created ðŸ™Œ
- We have 5 keynotes
    - Do we have 5 confirmed keynotes?
    - 4 confirmed, unsure on #5
    - We are ok having 5, so we're confident it will be 5.
    - Vicky agreed to do closing keynote!
- Talk number discussion - timebox 5m
    - Spent time reviewing talks, did 2nd round review this week
    - 2 possible programs: 24 talks or 36 talks
    - Difference is 2 or 3 tracks
    - Regardless, great program!! (woohoo!)
    - Been talking with some folks, but have to make a final call
    - Only marginally more nervous about 36 talks to 24
    - Having people volunteer for minimum 2 talks (right now I have it minimum 1 hour) may help with getting volunteers
    - Then we have 18 slots instead of 36 talks
    - Any reason not to do 36? Crickets...
    - Some volunteer finding chat
- 36 it is!! Woo hoo!
- Get emails out to speakers this week
- No waitlist
- Thanks to programming committee! ðŸ‘

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] eventually do a run through of pre-recorded talks
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year
- [TODO] offer pre-recording & practicing times
- [DONE] (Salt) send the info we'll need from speakers for sending out gifts

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- Seagull's new name is Patch!  ðŸ™Œ 
- general email/volunteer training schedule
    - October 23rd:
        - Email with schedule of Volunteer trainings
        - Thank for volunteering
        - Ask to look over sheet and make any adjustments
        - Get address if they want a volunteer gift
    - October 26 + 27: Volunteer training (have a few times available)
        - Review Code of Conduct
        - Review roles and responsibilities
        - Have everyone learn basic tech for Hop.in
        - Have tech support folks stay on for ~20 minutes to go over more advanced tech, try to solve common issues and have a plan for "aborting"
        - Give helpers the FAQ fact sheet to help answer any questions
    - November 7th: Check-in, ask about last minute schedule changes and questions / comments / concerns
- Call for Volunteers post needs review: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/205

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Lucy) Start planning email schedule + volunteer training
- [TODO] (Lucy)  an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers (regular decision making throughout the year, not specifically day-of)
- [TODO] (Lucy) Update existing seagull naming blog post

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- Once tech decision is made (next monday) can do the captioning quotes and follow through on getting is set up

##### TeaGL (Monica)
- Post got up! Woo hoo!
- Got a response so the form is working
- Spread the good word! It's happening, people should sign up
- Other helpful ways to get the word out: podcasts? Tweets? Yes - let people know in all the ways!
- Just let staff know when we share on various platforms so we know
- Monica will come up with some shareable blurbs
- See where registration (for this, not the conference) stands on October 9th, see if we need to extend it

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social -- we have a few more to go
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [DONE] update teagl pr with link and sign-up deadline
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/206
- [TODO] look into transcription options to whitecoat
    - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/media-services/latest/live-transcription
    - https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/media-services/
    - https://otter.ai/

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [How LPC used BBB to run a conference]: https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/830436/32e90fdf8ae0cf7f/

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- TeaGL blog post went up
- ambassador blog post rework
- contacted ShellCon about being a community partner discussing tomorrow
- orauth (?) announced CFP yesterday working on cross-promotion
- How do PRs get merged? How many approvals? We should add that documentation (maybe....after this year?)
    - If you notify staff (such as at the meeting) and the post is not controversial, you can just post
    - However if you want review anyone can review
    - Other half is a clear process around branches and PRs
    - And posting on the socials
- if we order 20 seagull plushies we get 20% discount
    - vendor is 1 hour north of SEA
    - minimum of 15, want to get the 20 for the discount, maybe 30
    - They don't go bad, get 30. Ship it.
- Mock up from Salt, colors (black yellow or white)
    - white looked the best need to decide ASAP
    - if we're branding these for other conferences, then do we want tux and beastie / GNU?
- Ben came through and found us some design people!

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] add/write blog posts
    - [ ] (der.hans) post and promo for ambassadors initiative
    - [ ] theme blog post
    - [x] (der.hans) bring in new blog posts from promo mtg
    - [ ] (Deb and Hans) talk to Indeed about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts
- [TODO] plan badge/schedule that people can print and customize to build creativity and self identification
    - email emilie (original design) or andrew (did last year's version)?
- [TODO] create schedule of topic/pin update verifications
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [TODO] Submit a request to [OSWD](http://www.oswd.org )
    - is this the right place? maybe should be https://opensourcedesign.net/jobs/
    - would this be helpful? http://opendesignkit.org/
    - ask about sticker packs, press kit, letterhead, etc.
    - see whether there are other groups to querry
- [TODO] figure out the minimum submission of a request for a press kit to a design site
- [TODO] (Salt) update flyers for virtual
    - use pandemic logo
- [TODO] create blog button
- [TODO] (ben to talk to Fedora Design team for help) look at sticker pack examples and create description
    - https://gitlabfan.com/gitlab-stickers-for-telegram-and-slack-16639b2c126
- [DONE] decide on number of plushie seagulls to order [timebox: 5 min]

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] find/create documentation for blog merging process
- [TODO] find/create documentation for access to Twitter posting
- [TODO] get Ben access to post to Twitter acct
- [TODO] promote TeaGL
- [TODO] order seagull plushies
- [TODO] finalize speaker gift details [timebox: 5 min]

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
    - http://www.antibes.co.uk/inflatables/ok/E1851897724.htm

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing
- [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
- [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social
- [style guide]: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/85

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)


##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)
- Still need to translate our wishlist email to concrete steps
    - volunteers?

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- No updates on migration to upstream
- Problems with emailing proposal acceptance/rejection notifications?
- Rachel tested another rejection email that should have sent from info@ (but looks as though it comes from osem@) and it did not go through to the recipient.
- A test can be done by Rejecting event (talk) of Rachel's: https://osem.seagl.org/admin/conferences/seagl2020/program/events/723 and you can set it back to New --> Rejected to test repeatedly
    - Thanks! Found the problem, released 3 queued emails to Nathan and Rachel.
    - Nathan just confirmed this - oh and I just saw mine too!  Can you reply to the email with what you found? Will do. TY
- Issue with outgoing email, a few overlapping problems.

##### IRC Bot (Tree)
- #seagl-test on freenode
- Associate chat / video chat room with an IRC channel, 'list room' command lists active rooms
- Looking for feedback on other features
- Gonna be an out-of-band discussion
- Kiwi IRC, building some ansible related things and dockers to run jitsi and kiwi irc with some plugins
- bug bash / test on Saturday
- Go no-go with this stack decided next week
- back up is Hopin
- discussed at last meeting what the proprietary solution might impact, would some people not present if we use non-Free software?
- Meeting is every Saturday at 1pm at this time, please join if you are interested in assisting with this decision of roll-our-own Jitsi/IRC or commercial solution HopIn

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [BUMP] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [BUMP] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [TODO] let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too.
- [TODO] change social account logins to use social@seagl.org address
    - [ ] Twitter
    - [ ] ??

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Andrew) Follow up with solution to OSEM email problem.

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster
- [OSUOSL Trello board]: https://trello.com/b/1b97B6Ud/seagl-migration

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)
- Ian mentioned that FSF had problems with Jitsi re: user joining and not being able to connect to all other users, musical chairs to get everyone seeing everyone
    - Wait I thought we were using hopin?
    - wrote him about it because we didn't know about hopin before reaching out
- BBB doesn't have a way to prevent people from sharing video
- Looking into unix surplus and other avenues for some servers / hardware
- Will talk more about tech stack next week

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 2 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)


##### Reminders
- add things to the hallway track brainstorming pad (listed below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] test irc/jitsi integration solution, https://github.com/kiwiirc/plugin-conference
    - Super slick, but not working! Needs debugging to make it work for a hallway track. One-click Jitsi room with link.
    - Need to code up a bot to capture link and send queries, so anyone can create chat rooms and/or join them
- [In-Progress] setup jitsi test server

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (everyone) generate trivia questions

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
- [techstack options and tasks]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- Need sponsors on the website, Hans is working on doing that
- Questions for sponsors (updating the form to ask how the company wants to be referred to: Name, logo, url, description, etc.)
- Reached out to some potential sponsors
    - Ada's technical books willing to have discounts for speakers's books (!!!) also will advert a bit for us
- Alison heard back from Indeed
    - additional questions from Indeed:
    - what makes the most sense for SeaGL from a sponsorship perspective:
      - a) cover all transcriptions
      - b) cover half transcriptions + bronze
      - c) plat sponsorship?
    - Indeed budgeted for sponsorship (see options above)
    - Does this all go to a general pool or to a specific service like transcription?
    - Not budgeting from one thing to another, etc. but we could probably budget this for transcription
    - We typically fundraise for the following year, so it's maybe more symbolic. If Indeed wants to be acknowledged for captioning, they can give us XXX amount of money and be the 'captioning sponsor'
    - It's really up to Indeed
    - Job board definitely a no-go since Indeed isn't powering it
    - Still need to figure out captioning stuff

##### Reminders
- Reach out to your employer and other potential sponsors with the prospectus (listed below) and update the lead sheet so we don't double up (also below)
- Update lead sheet when you contact a potential sponsor

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
    - [TODO] schedule committee meeting with new volunteer (Hans)
- [In-Progress] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] (Salt) reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
- [In-Progress] (Salt) take over payments to the physical storage rental space
- [TODO] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [TODO] follow up with plush seagull vendor (Hans)
- [DONE] Alison to take back sponsorship question to Indeed, they want to help specifically with the transcription!
- [TODO] get sponsors on website
- [TODO] reimburse Keith $100 for Hopin

##### New TODOs

##### Bikeshed
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
  - Sorry what is this for?
    - Bikeshed, so not too important right now...
    - the idea was to have discounts/vouchers at local restaurants
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheet of restaurant associations

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=166062536
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf
- [Sponsorship FAQ]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPqypsOF2ONfKCVd3D_tiGqS5i13SbVePD-aPEEPYQg/edit

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- Leaked speaker email list?
    - when did this first happen?
    - was LP involved and/or LFNW?
    - [TODO] contact ?? and ask them to remove contacts added at that time
- Fixed last year or year before, but could not find emails around it happening
- Not speakers@, was osem publishing people's emails

##### Speaker Gifts
- No all all-caps, maybe one-two the rest should be normal case
    - then again upper case is more readable
- Is there a character limit for these?
    - Yes ~25 more like per-line
- shoot for on message for free software generally not specific
- positive is good, make sure they are "answers"
- Need 20 rad phrases to put on
    - traditionally answers are 10 x affirmative, 5 x negative, 5 x non-committal
    - prefer: 2-3 line answers, 5/7/11 characters per line oh lol sorry !
    - max: 4 lines, max length is likely under 30 characters total
    - answer suggestions (* = general and about free software)
        - Salt's favorites
            - yes
                - Patch Accepted *
                - Be Libre
                - Uptime: âˆž
            - no
                - Stop DRM-ing *
                - Kernel Panic!
                - SEGFAULT
            - non-commital
                - GNU-s there?
                - Check the Logs
                - /dev/random
                - /dev/null
                - Read the Docs *
            - uncertain category...
                - Give Upstream *
                - The Four Freedoms
                    - not really an answer
                - People not Products
                    - not really an answer
                - Share the Source
                - Use / Study / Modify / Share
                    - Modify and Share *
                    - maybe also have one that is Use / Study
                - Layer 8: People (Freedom?)
                    - not really an answer
                - :tux:
                    - let's avoid logos
                - :beastie:
                    - let's avoid logos
        - brainstorming
            - big and little F free
            - SeaGL caws, "Yes!"
            - SeaGL caws, "No..."
            - Free the Commons
            - Free and Open
            - F/L/OSS Daily
            - Don't reboot, just patch
            - License proliferation isn't cool
            - Send it to dev.null
            - [SeaGL mission statement]
            - failed saving throw
            - MAZE OF TWISTY LITTLE PASSAGES, ALL ALIKE
            - [some encrypted text]
            - [some ASCII art]
            - $RANDOM
            - <random string>
            - 4 [and link to XKCD]
            - I have faith in debian-legal - Ted Gould
            - I came to open source for the tech, but I stay for the people - Richard Gaskin
            - all kinds of software that is life and society-critical - cars, voting machines â€¦ - Karen Sandler
            - Put simply, I want to treat my readers as partners and not crooks - Cory Doctorow
            - I chose to use the kernel sources as my documentation.  ;-) - Kevin Buettner
            - FLOSS Goes the World
            - 8 layers, one model
            - blame DNS (suggest alternate: "It was DNS")
            - 8 bit
            - quotes from our keynoters
            - #BLM
            - Be Bold
            - :gnu:
            - Turn it off & turn it back on
            - Don't let the bots get you down
            - YOU ARE ROOT
            - Restart the simulation
            - 404, no answer found
                - 404, answer not found
                - just 404
            - Please file a bug in the repo (or some other iteration) *
                - File a Bug
            - Buffering
            - Ask for the source *
            - Computer, Enhance
            - You were eaten by a grue.
            - Answer Compiling *
            - You made GNU
            - Root Required
            - Revert commit *
            - Help a newbie
            - Share Alike *
            - Make FOSS friends 
            - Echo success 
            - Stop spying
            - 1 / 0
            - Let's encrypt!
            - Here's my public key
            - Patch, "YES"
            - Package It
            - BoF It

##### Honoraria
- suggestions of places to reach out to/contacts for an organization we can give a donation to in lue of the honoraria?
    - https://www.blackgirlscode.com/
    - https://www.outreachy.org/
    - http://www.womeninlinux.com/ This is Tameika's org, one of our keynote's last year
        - Closest to the original intent of the Honoraria, have personal connection, etc.
    - someone through SCC?
- Aside from 'here's some cash' what can we do?

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs (thank you to interrem/folks lacking a co-chair)
    - Website & Technical (thanks Andrew)
    - Finance & Fundraising (thanks Hans)
    - Promotion & Outreach (thanks Hans)
    - Logistics & On"Site" (thanks Deb)
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track (thanks Keith)
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how thier committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Deb) Talk with Tameika and say that we're funding something specifically vs. here's a pile of cashola ($1000 earmarked)
- [TODO] (Salt) draft blog post about honoraria changes


##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/

---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [ ] SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
    - Still needs to be done at some point
- [ ] Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
    - incoming from programming committee
- [/] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [ ] Highlight the hours that the conference takes place on social
    - 9-5pm ish?
    - will have hours once we figure out schedule, couple weeks away
- [/] announce ambassadors initiative (Hans)
- [ ] Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers
- [/] Call for volunteers
- [x] TeaGL, from Monica in a week or so

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- Virtual attendee party idea: September
- Announce talks: Early October
- Testing of speaker infrastructure: Mid October
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: 2 weeks before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, October 5 @ 5pm PT wooooo
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.10.05
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->


## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Thanks salt my fingers are so tired <3 ðŸ˜…
- Ben: Good meeting, worth going a few minutes late
- Andrew: looks good
- Rachel: very productive meeting, feeling much lifted up as a result, appreciate you all.  thank you all <3
- Lucy: excited about deciding on 36 talks, excited things are picking up
- Deb: glad things are coming together, definitely want a Patch patch
- Tree: will chat about irc out of band, looks like things are happening
- Hans: glad that we have a strong batch of talks, very ready to make the gift orders

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


