<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# 2020-04-13 SeaGL Bi-Weekly All-Hands

- April 13th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200330-allhands.md
- Attending: 

<!-- Check-in round -->

<!-- Assign note taker -->

## Metrics

- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits

- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/

### Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Conversation queuing

- three discussion mechanisms: hand symbols (below), call for a round (popcorn passing, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped), open discussion
- "o/" or "/" means that you have something to say and want to be put in the queue
- "c/" or "?" means that you have a clarifying question and want to jump to the top of the queue
- "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
-  ">" as an indicator of understanding someone and the point can be concluded, please move on

### Notetaking

- "???" on the etherpad means the notetaker missed something and needs assistance capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback

- adam: I like it! Does feel a little rushed, TBH.
- deb: hopefully will get better pace as we learn structure
- rachel: like external structure

## Last meeting TODO review

- (Lisa) to start process for Nov 13/14, BPH, expo, childcare, green room, 5 tracks
- (Salt) Finalize 2019 cash log
- (Andrew) set up OSEM instance for exploration and starting data migration
- (Prasket or Salt) setup ambassadors@seagl.org
- (Prasket or Salt) add descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- (Salt) add der.hans to finance committe for now
- (Adam) add sponsor reach-out email template to... ?
- (Deb) talk to Duane
- (Salt) migrate this to alternate meeting: Set a go/no-go date for assessing Corona virus risk, at least 2 months notice would be preferred
- (Deb) reach out to FSF folks about their decision & logistics, 
- (Deb) add people to FLOSS Foundations list; Keith kodi.tv, Rachel too, der.hans ( will email with address to use ), Oh! It looks like now you add yourselves, https://lists.freedesktop.org/mailman/listinfo/foundations
- (Rachel and Deb) come up with things to discuss regarding virtual attendance before next all-hands
- (Lucy) add footer to blog post about interested in being involved, call out specific opportunities, coordinate with Nathan about tweets/etc
- (hans && ???) Get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- (Salt) reach out to Romeo about a/v tasks
- (Adam, Deb, Salt) reach out to at least two sponsors who have been returning, ask about their thoughts regarding everything

<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda

<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 48 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->

### Virtual Conference

- Update from Deb and Rachel

### Open 2019 Business

- Budget/cash log update (Salt)

### Org Structure

- [domain description etherpad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs)

### Committee Updates

#### Promotion & Outreach (der.hans, ??)

- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing)

##### Stickers (der.hans or Andrew)

---

#### Fundraising & Finance

- [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376)
- [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0)
- [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf)
- [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf)

- [TODO] (Finance committee): review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget

---

#### Food/Drink & Afterparty (Keith, ??)

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rache, Nathan)

---

#### Logistics & OnSite (??, Deb)

---

#### Website & Technical (Prasket, ??)

##### Review staff emails and group aliases (Prasket)

##### OSEM (Andrew)

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)

---

#### Virtual Attendance (Deb, Rachel)

---

### MISC


<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 48 hours of the meeting) -->


<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->


## Timeline

- "Save the date" flyers by March 4th
- First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of April
- Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: Beginning of May
- Keynote selection: May
- CFP open: Mid June
- CFP close: Mid August
- Reserve party venue: August
- Announce talks: Mid September  -  go or no go?
- Testing of room kits: September
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting

- Monday, April 27th @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.04.27
- Bi-weekly meetings through June (at least), Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round


<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting: (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date (B) copy content from this pad into new one (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new (D) clear discussion notes, move TODOs to "Last meeting TODO review" (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list  (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank (G) update link in calendar -->


