<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-10-26 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- October 26th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20201019-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Salt, Nathan, Deb, Rachel, Lucy, Ben, der.hans, Monica
- Current: Salt, Andrew, der.hans, Lucy Nathan, Rachel, Don/sntxrr, Keith, Ian
- Apologies: Deb, Ben, Monica (have added my TODOs and will check for any added, Romeo

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- der.hans

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 5
- Talks Submitted: 85
- Speakers Submitted: 64
- Talks Accepted: 36
- Ambassadors: 9 -> 9
- TeaGL Signups: 10
- Volunteers: 1 -> 2
- Sponsors: ??
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??
- Office Hours attendance: ??

## Review previous meeting feedback



<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->


## Agenda

### Committee Updates

---

#### Audio/Visual (Romeo)
- 

##### IRC Bot (Tree)
- bot joining channels properly and logging traffic
- SeaGL bot now registered
- user count per channel
- 120 channel limit
- prefer dynamic pull of schedule

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [In-Progress] setup jitsi server before racking in datacenter
- [TODO] add nicks to seagl freenode org and bot admin list
    - freedeb, nhandler, bcotton, FLOX_Advocate, sntxrr, lucyw

##### New TODOs

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description etherpad]

##### Important Links
- [Homebrew conference platform documentation]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation

---

#### Website & Technical (sntxrr, Andrew)
- we can haz chairs!
- we have a flow that works for speakers and attendees
- we need a place for the kiwi server
- Ian says to register kiwiirc server w/ Freenode a few days ahead to avoid user limits, Nathan can help w/ that
- White Coat quote was significant, Andrew got another, far less expensive option working
- captioning and streaming are tied together
- need to determine proper place to inject adroll
- keith has extra servers in the datacenter that the 1u will be in, so we could put kiwiirc there for instance

##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)
- Deprioritized till after conference

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- No work on migration to upstream until after conference.

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Andrew) let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too.
- [TODO] change social account logins to use social@seagl.org address
    - [ ] (Salt) Twitter
    - [ ] (??) Facebook
    - [ ] ?? what other accounts do we have?

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] look into why seagl email is going to spam, spf headers, etc

##### Bikeshed
- [DONE] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [TODO] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [TODO] (Salt) get keith trello access and the initial list of asks

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster
- [OSUOSL Trello board]: https://trello.com/b/1b97B6Ud/seagl-migration

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- Program is live at https://osem.seagl.org/conferences/seagl2020/schedule
- Still trying to get final confirmation on 5th keynote
- All talk confirmations are in (1 person could no longer give their talk)
- Blogged about Kathy Giori keynote and schedule going live
- we can use talk title, speaker name and time for micro-blog posts

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year
- [TODO] offer pre-recording & practicing times
- [TODO] Send email out to confirmed speakers reminding of a couple details like 20m timeslot
- [TODO] (Salt) schedule a time to test tech stack for presentors (pre-recorded, live, q&a, etc.)
    - 1pm sat, will send out calendar invite

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] add speaker/talk name list to blog post
- [TODO] review programming schedule for text content (anyone)

##### Bikeshed

##### Important Links

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- Updated the volunteer signup to include which talk folks would be moderating
- Have a signup form that may be easier than emailing https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/yHs5d8qmEBedQ72d
- Writing more details instructions in the tech stack post
    - will transfer to the blog post later this week
- Basically just need to email and reach out as much as possible!

##### Reminders
- (Everyone) please reach out to contacts and ask for volunteers

##### Previous TODOs
- [In Progress] (Lucy) Write up detailed instructions for each position (taking inspiration from https://debconf-video-team.pages.debian.net/docs/online_volunteer_roles.html)
- [TODO] Talk to Lisa about volunteers from the CS of SCCC
- [TODO] (Salt) Give Lucy details about Libre Planet + LFNW moderators for volunteer ask email
- [TODO] (Hans) email ambassadors list about volunteers
- [DONE] work on message to meetup groups announcing seagl talks and asking for volunteers
    - run past Salt before sending out
- [TODO] Include magic 8 ball in solicitations
- [TODO] (Lucy) Email speakers@seagl.org
- [TODO] Email seagl announce google group for volunteers!
- [TODO] Meetup groups would also be good to message for volunteers
- [TODO] (Lucy) send volunteer ask template to SeaGL 2020 mailinglist
- [TODO] (Hans) send volunteer as to ambassadors list

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] send to the seagl announce google group

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] (Lucy) an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers (regular decision making throughout the year, not specifically day-of)

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup form]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/yHs5d8qmEBedQ72d
- [Old volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- TeaGL in schedule for Friday, will set it as topic for Saturday as well. <-- This is done

##### TeaGL (Monica)
-added TODOs

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [DONE] look into transcription options to whitecoat
    - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/media-services/latest/live-transcription
    - https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/media-services/
    - https://otter.ai/
    - https://streamtext.net/features/ (0.009/minute)
- [DONE] (Deb) take numbers back to transcriber for more solid quote
    - 9–5, three tracks; 18 × 45 (810) min per day
    - 4.5 hours per track, 1h per day of keynotes, 3 tracks per day, 29h total programming
- [DONE] Pick teagl shipment deadline
- [DONE] Match tea swap buddies, send e-mails
- [TODO] TeaGL 'sweetener' for volunteers (aka free tea???)
- [TODO] Make sure people know they're welcome to tea party even if they didn't do swap.

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] put TeaGL in schedule for Friday and Saturday
- [TODO] consider whether we want TeaGL on both days or a different social time
- [TODO] E-mail TeaGL swap participants with TeaGL event date and time
- [TODO] E-mail swap participants at end of week, make sure no concerns
- [TODO] Publicize TeaGL, stress everyone is welcome even if they didn't swap
    - fun social media posts, like what mug to use
    - tea-time recipes and polls
- [TODO] Coordinate more tea clinks, incl. with Linux App Summit

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social -- we have a few more to go

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [How LPC used BBB to run a conference]: https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/830436/32e90fdf8ae0cf7f/
- [TeaGL signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/qsiw2pCb5sKPPaCg

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, Ben)
- Volunteers banner graphic (Smera)
- volunteers social media post (Ben)
- ambassadors social media post (Ben)
- graphics dimensions for Mastodon and Twitter

##### Reminders
- post a TeaGL Toast :)
    - https://mastodon.social/@SeaGL/105054866809580731
- please read career guidance email

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] add/write blog posts
    - [ ] theme blog post
    - [ ] (Deb and Hans) talk to Indeed/Alison about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts
- [In-progress] New designers to update 2020 Flyer for virtual, use pandemic logo (files attached to card in Nextcloud)
    - [DONE] create flyer text content (Hans and Salt)
- [TODO] Create web and social banners, need dimensions
    - Mastodon header (PNG, GIF or JPG. At most 2 MB. Will be downscaled to 1500x500px)
    - Mastodon avatar (PNG, GIF or JPG. At most 2 MB. Will be downscaled to 400x400px)
    - Twitter header ( JPG, GIF, or PNG 1500 pixels wide by 500, under 2MB ), avatar will cover part of lower left
    - Twitter avatar  (PNG, GIF or JPG. At most 2 MB. Will be downscaled to 400x400px)
    - Facebook event: 1200x628
- [DONE] create schedule of topic/pin update verifications
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [TODO] create graphics for physical stickers
- [In-Progress] promote TeaGL
- [DONE] create GetTogether event (Hans)
- [DONE] get info to ada's for promotion (Salt)
    - a Facebook event that can be shared
    - flyers
    - respond to email
- [In-progress] write blog post about creating tech stack: what, how and why (Ben)
    - Talk to Salt, sntxrr, Keith & tree about it 
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/216
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation
- [TODO] write blog posts about how participants will use the tech stack (Ben)
- [DONE] promote TeaGL Toasts
- [TODO] (Hans) Here's how easy it was to make the TeaGL Toast video with Kdenlive
- [TODO] review tech stack documentation for participants
- [TODO] review tech stack documentation for speakers
- [DONE] speaker reminder to social media, can mention program will be ready soon (Hans)
- [TODO] SeaGL 2020 post about volunteers (Lucy)
- [TODO] ambassadors post about volunteers (Hans)
- [TODO] investigate face mask options, investigate print their own platform (Hans)

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) send email to Deb asking about status of Cascadia community builder award

##### Bikeshed

##### Important Links
- Social Media Accounts
    - [Twitter]: https://twitter.com/seagl
    - [Mastodon]: https://mastodon.social/@seagl
    - [PixelFed]: https://pixelfed.social/SeaGL
    - [GetTogether Event]: https://gettogether.community/events/7827/seagl-2020/
    - [Facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/SeattleGnuLinuxConference
    - [Facebook Event]: https://www.facebook.com/events/355988355720658/
- Mailing Lists
    - [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
    - [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social
- Documents
    - [Social Media Schedule] https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/outreach/social_schedule.md
    - [Outreach documents] https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/SXjcZ5pZrojEKbA ( read-only )
    - [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing ( deprecated )
    - [original "style guide"]: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/85

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)
- What details does Mako need for Friday evening bartending/food event?

##### Reminders
- add things to the hallway track brainstorming pad (listed below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (everyone) generate trivia questions

##### New TODOs

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- Indeed sponsor form created
- contract signed for Red Hat at silver
- Salt added sponsors to site
- $15,000 sponsors thus far

##### Reminders
- Reach out to your employer and other potential sponsors with the prospectus (listed below) and update the lead sheet so we don't double up (also below)
- Update lead sheet when you contact a potential sponsor

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
    - [TODO] schedule committee meeting with new volunteer (Hans)
- [In-Progress] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] (Salt) reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
- [In-Progress] (Salt and Adam) take over payments to the physical storage rental space
- [In-Progress] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [In-progress] get sponsors on website
- [TODO] reimburse Keith $100 for Hopin, a second month now as well
- [In-progress] follow up with FSF about finalizing 2020 books, get update on cashlog (Hans)
- [TODO] (Deb) Follow up with FSF about matching SeaGL's gift to Women in Linux
- [TODO] (Alison) follow up with Hans offline about what Indeed needs in terms of a sponsorship document
- [TODO] (Hans) follow up with Alison/Indeed regarding a quote about why Indeed wants to support SeaGL

##### New TODOs

##### Bikeshed
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest Sorry what is this for? Bikeshed, so not too important right now... the idea was to have discounts/vouchers at local restraurants
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=166062536
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf
- [Sponsorship FAQ]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPqypsOF2ONfKCVd3D_tiGqS5i13SbVePD-aPEEPYQg/edit

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- spinning many plates

##### Speaker Gifts
- Waiting on payment

##### Honoraria
- we should be able to do a $2000 honoraria with the transcription costs savings

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs (thank you to interrem/folks lacking a co-chair)
    - [DONE] Website & Technical (thanks Andrew)
    - Finance & Fundraising (thanks Hans)
    - [DONE] Promotion & Outreach (thanks Hans)
    - Logistics & On"Site" (thanks Deb)
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track (thanks Keith)
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how their committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts
- [In-Progress] (Deb) Talk with Tameika and say that we're funding something specifically vs. here's a pile of cashola ($1000 earmarked)
- [TODO] (Salt) draft blog post about honoraria changes

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/

---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [ ] SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
    - Still needs to be done at some point
- [ ] Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
    - incoming from programming committee
- [/] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [x] Highlight the hours that the conference takes place on social
    - 9-5pm ish?
    - will have hours once we figure out schedule, couple weeks away
- [ ] Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers
- [x] Schedule posted (early next week)

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- ~~Virtual attendee party idea: September~~
- ~~Announce talks: Mid October~~
- ~~Testing of speaker infrastructure: Mid October~~
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: 2 weeks before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, November 2 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.11.02
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->


## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Nathan: almost there, once email goes out to speakers look forward to sitting back and watching
- Lucy: coming to the meetings amp and make up for the anxieties of the prior week
- Tree: excited to have bot live and working
- Sntxrr: super excited to have a working techstack and what that might mean beyond the conference
- Andrew: lots to do, getting close
- Keith: super excited, killing it on the tech stack
- Hans: excited about schedule, titles look really cool, always scheduled against something I want to see, from promo prospective looking forward to social media
- Ian: looking forward to helping out in any way, ping on irc for any help

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->



