<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-10-12 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- October 12th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20201005-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Salt, Rachel, der.hans, Andrew, Nathan, Ben, Deb, Don/sntxrr, Keith, Lucy, Tree
- Current: Salt, Andrew, der.hans, Lucy, Ben, Nathan, Romeo
- Apologies: Deb (celebrating my anniversary today), Tree (traveling), Rachel (much-needed time off from work), Keith (traveling), Alison, Mguiney (following along in doc)

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- sntxrr

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 5
- Talks Submitted: 85
- Speakers Submitted: 64
- Talks Accepted: 36
- Ambassadors: 9 -> 
- TeaGL Signups: 5
- Sponsors: ??
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??
- Office Hours attendance: ??

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Keith: thanks everyone for feedback, big thanks to sntxrr and tree for work on FLOSSy solution, looking forward to everything
- Rachel: excited to see what we end up picking and playing with what we have
- Nathan: getting nervous, excited to see all of the good things coming up
- Deb: meeting was great, so many updates, difficult bits went well, fun bits are all moving forward
- Ben: good meeting, excited to see what we come up with for platform and next 5 weeks
- Tree: good meeting, will keep moving forward on irc bot, available for questions/concerns
- Sntxrr: great meeting, love seeing all of the work being put into a project everyone is passionate about
- Andrew: excited to get to play with kiwi stuff
- Hans: got a lot done, lots left to do, thanks everybody, great to see new volunteers, especially ones making an immediate impact

<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->


## Agenda

### Committee Updates

---

#### Audio/Visual (Romeo)
- Time to decide between homebrew and Hopin
- This is the real week for the decision
- Looks like a lot of work has gone into if (Lucy)
- Ben has used Hopin in the past, and while it has its administrative overhead, overall it was very robust. Homebrew solution looks good, but worried about the demand it would place on volunteers when we go to use it at scale
- Lucy expressed a concern around volunteer training on the complexity of the homebrew systems and navigation
- Hans would prefer to be promoting a FOSS style infrastructure
- Financial difference cost is negligible between the two
- Would really like input from Nathan and Rachel (both unavailable for this meeting)
- Documentation is quite well fleshed out in https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation
- Can we handle both live and prerecorded talks seamlessly? This would ease Nathan and Rachels minds
    - How will Q and A go? Speaker flow, etc. Heh I agree with Nathan we should do a dry run :)
    - What would our audience want? Likely they would be excited about participating via IRC
    - Hans is fairly opposed to a walled garden that does not allow streaming via other platforms such as Twitch, Youtube etc.


##### IRC Bot (Tree)
- working out detail regarding keeping the bot from being kicked for flooding
- These function are good shape: !createroom !listrooms  !joingame ! !topicsubs  !listtopics
- available Tuesday for feedback

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
    - Romeo has reached out twice now about the BBB plugin
    - will keep following up with Ian
- [TODO] figure out how to have 2 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- [DONE] test irc/jitsi integration solution, https://github.com/kiwiirc/plugin-conference
- [In-Progress] setup jitsi server before racking in datacenter
- [DONE] draft decision making doc for tech stack
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)
- No news on any of this, focused on A/V

##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- No updates

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [BUMP] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [BUMP] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [TODO] let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too.
- [TODO] change social account logins to use social@seagl.org address
    - [ ] Twitter
    - [ ] ?? what other accounts do we have?
- [TODO] get keith trello access and the initial list of asks

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster
- [OSUOSL Trello board]: https://trello.com/b/1b97B6Ud/seagl-migration

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- 25 confirmed talks
- Will start forming schedule later in the week
- Can we schedule time to test tech stack from presentation pov (pre-recorded talk, live talk, Q&A, etc)

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year
- [TODO] offer pre-recording & practicing times
- [TODO] Send email out to confirmed speakers reminding of a couple details like 20m timeslot

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) schedule a time to test tech stack for presentors (pre-recorded, live, q&a, etc.)

##### Important Links

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- Deleted 'video help desk' section
- We only have one volunteer signed up - what to do? The blog post is up, I only tweeted once but am a little worried no one responded...
  - I can sign up shortly, just got clearance for time off
- What other venues to try?
- Email speakers list to see if anyone wants to volunteer?
- Maybe another seagl email list?
- Libre Planet + LFNW lists

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Lucy)  an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers (regular decision making throughout the year, not specifically day-of)

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Lucy)  an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers (regular decision making throughout the year, not specifically day-of)
- [TODO] (Lucy) To use + get familiar with tech stack then...
- [TODO] (Lucy) Write up detailed instructions for each position
- [TODO] Talk to Lisa about volunteers from the CS of SCCC
- [TODO] (Salt) Give Lucy details about Libre Planet + LFNW moderators for volunteer ask email
- [TODO] (Hans) email ambassadors list about volunteers
- [TODO] work on message to meetup groups announcing seagl talks and asking for volunteers
    - run past Salt before sending out

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
    - No updates this week

##### TeaGL (Monica)
- Extend?
    - Yes. Extend to 16th? Longer?
-Marketing thoughts?
    - Unexpectedly low number of signups (5), why?
    - Maybe another push, emphasizing the low/free cost?
    - Maybe emphasizing connection in a time of distance? This is a way to connect with someone, and make their day!
    - Can register with a pseudonym, and only the organizer would know the address to send the tea to?
    - Hans suggested we up the amount to $20
- Pass the tea cup video
    - Easy to add on to the tea "chain"
    - Videos can go to Romeo
- Extending the deadline to Monday the 19th
- Monica's e-mail <!-- redacted -->

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [TODO] look into transcription options to whitecoat
    - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/media-services/latest/live-transcription
    - https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/media-services/
    - https://otter.ai/
    - https://streamtext.net/features/ (0.009/minute)
- [TODO] (Deb) take numbers back to transcriber for more solid quote
    - 9–5, three tracks; 18 × 45 (810) min per day
    - 4.5 hours per track, 1h per day of keynotes, 3 tracks per day, 29h total programming

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] extend TeaGL signups, update blog post, announce on all of the socials
- [TODO] start making "pass the tea cup" video, send videos to Romeo

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social -- we have a few more to go

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [How LPC used BBB to run a conference]: https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/830436/32e90fdf8ae0cf7f/
- [TeaGL signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/qsiw2pCb5sKPPaCg

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- 2 new volunteers, welcome Melody and Máirín (promo now on 4 continents)
- The promo committee is on four continents!

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] add/write blog posts
    - [ ] (der.hans) post and promo for ambassadors initiative
    - [ ] theme blog post
    - [ ] (Deb and Hans) talk to Indeed/Alison about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts
- [TODO] New designers to update 2020 Flyer for virtual, use pandemic logo (files attached to card in Nextcloud)
- [TODO] Create web and social banners
- [TODO] create schedule of topic/pin update verifications
    - TeaGL (if we're extending the signup deadline)
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [TODO] create graphics for physical stickers
- [DONE] find/create documentation for blog merging process
- [DONE] find/create documentation for access to Twitter posting
- [In-Progress] promote TeaGL
- [DONE] order seagull plushies

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] create Facebook event
    - Contact Hans out of band, he's not generally a Facebook type person
- [TODO] create GetTogether event
- [TODO] get info to ada's for promotion
    - a Facebook event that can be shared
    - flyers
    - respond to email
- [TODO] write blog post about creating tech stack
- [TODO] write blog posts about tech stack

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] figure out the minimum submission of a request for a press kit to a design site
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
- [TODO] Submit external request for graphics assistance

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing
- [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
- [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social
- [style guide]: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/85
- [PixelFed]: https://pixelfed.social/SeaGL
- [Twitter]: https://twitter.com/seagl
- [Mastodon]: https://mastodon.social/@seagl
- [Facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/SeattleGnuLinuxConference

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)
- Tech group has been primarily working on the tech stack

##### Reminders
- add things to the hallway track brainstorming pad (listed below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] (everyone) generate trivia questions

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
- [techstack options and tasks]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- Indeed as Platinum sponsor for $6,000, still working on details
    - Alison: Can we get an updated prospectus for $6k? It's hard to put into our finance system with the form not having the $6k option -- also open to checking off the platinum box and another box.
    - DNI $1,000, and Platinum in $5,000
    - Hans can help update a new form so it can be completed correctly
    - Alison will follow up with Hans offline
    - Hans to follow up with Alison/Indeed regarding a quote about why Indeed wants to support SeaGL
- Hans still needs to follow up with FSF
- Plushies have been ordered and should be shipping soon
    - Would like to see the SeaGL plushies photos taken in various PNW locales 

##### Reminders
- Reach out to your employer and other potential sponsors with the prospectus (listed below) and update the lead sheet so we don't double up (also below)
- Update lead sheet when you contact a potential sponsor

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
    - [TODO] schedule committee meeting with new volunteer (Hans)
- [In-Progress] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] (Salt) reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
- [In-Progress] (Salt) take over payments to the physical storage rental space
- [TODO] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [DONE] follow up with plush seagull vendor (Hans)
- [TODO] get sponsors on website
- [TODO] reimburse Keith $100 for Hopin
- [TODO] follow up with FSF about finalizing 2020 books, get update on cashlog (Hans)
- [TODO] (Deb) Follow up with FSF about matching SeaGL's gift to Women in Linux

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Alison) follow up with Hans offline about what Indeed needs in terms of a sponsorship document
- [TODO] (Hans) follow up with Alison/Indeed regarding a quote about why Indeed wants to support SeaGL

##### Bikeshed
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest Sorry what is this for? Bikeshed, so not too important right now... the idea was to have discounts/vouchers at local restraurants
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=166062536
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf
- [Sponsorship FAQ]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPqypsOF2ONfKCVd3D_tiGqS5i13SbVePD-aPEEPYQg/edit

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- 

##### Speaker Gifts
- Waiting on payment

##### Honoraria
- No updates

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs (thank you to interrem/folks lacking a co-chair)
    - Website & Technical (thanks Andrew)
    - Finance & Fundraising (thanks Hans)
    - Promotion & Outreach (thanks Hans)
    - Logistics & On"Site" (thanks Deb)
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track (thanks Keith)
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how their committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts
- [In-Progress] (Deb) Talk with Tameika and say that we're funding something specifically vs. here's a pile of cashola ($1000 earmarked)
- [TODO] (Salt) draft blog post about honoraria changes

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/

---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [ ] SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
    - Still needs to be done at some point
- [ ] Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
    - incoming from programming committee
- [/] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [ ] Highlight the hours that the conference takes place on social
    - 9-5pm ish?
    - will have hours once we figure out schedule, couple weeks away
- [/] announce ambassadors initiative (Hans)
- [ ] Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers
- [x] Call for volunteers

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- ~~Virtual attendee party idea: September~~
- Announce talks: Mid October
- Testing of speaker infrastructure: Mid October
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: 2 weeks before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, October 19 @ 5pm PT wooooo
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.10.19
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->


## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- sntxrr: excited to head down the path
- ben: glad figured out the platform, will give us good things to talk about, look forward to things to work on
- hans: thanks to everyone working on tech stack, great to see people stepping up and jumping in
- lucy: very excited we chose a platform
- romeo: excited that everyone has shown enthusiasm for tech stack, excited to hear back from ian, hyped to do video editing for teagl mug touching
- andrew: very happy that we are choosing the free software option, think it's what seagl's audience would prefer
- salt: elated that we made this decision surrounding the tech stack, huge thanks to sntxrr for all his work, tree on the irc bot and keith getting lots of stuff figured out, excited for the SeaGL 2020 team


<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


