<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/ -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# 2020-05-11 SeaGL Bi-Weekly All-Hands

* etherpad URL: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.05.11

- May 11th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200427-allhands.md
- Attending: Andrew, Hans, Deb, Salt, Rachel, Nathan, Lucy, Prasket, Ian, Keith

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker

- Hans

## Metrics

- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits

- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Conversation queuing

- three discussion mechanisms: hand symbols (below), call for a round (talkingstick passing, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped), open discussion
- "o/" or "/" means that you have something to say and want to be put in the queue
- "c/" or "?" means that you have a clarifying question and want to jump to the top of the queue
- "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
-  ">" as an indicator of understanding someone and the point can be concluded, please move on

### Notetaking

- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback

- salt: thank you all
- deb: went well, good consensus building process, everyone on same page and excited for next step
- der.hans: got a lot done, big decisions moving forward, lots of new work
- rachel: happy with how everything went, moment during meeting with lots of feelings about working with everyone
- lisa: great meeting, respectful, meaningful discussions, excited about virtual event, happy to share things to students/sister colleges
- andrew: exciting, big unknown resolved, fun to come up with ways to maintain seaglness of conference, both seattle and emphasis on community, in the mood for brainstorming

## Last meeting TODO review

- (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- (committee chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- (Salt) Finalize 2019 cash log
- (Prasket or Salt) add email audit descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- (Prasket) build team to handle transition to virtual conference (Prasket will meet with Ian)
- (Hans & Romeo & ???) Get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- (finance) update sponsor prospectus for virtual conference
- (finance) add sponsor reach-out email template to... ?
- (finance): review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [somewhat blocked by need of new prospectus] (Salt) will talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [DONE] (Rachel) blog post about going virtual
- (Rachel) begin keynote solicitation process
- [DONE] (Rachel) get together with Nathan to discuss how virtualizing stuff affects programming
- (logistics/onsite) investigate live transcription
- [DONE] (Deb) Invite FSF Ian to next planning meeting
- (Lucy) consider who else to recruit for "core" team now that we are all virtual

<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda

<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 48 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->

### Org Structure

- Important Links
    - [domain description etherpad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs)

---

### Committee Updates

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)

- 2 things from each committee about what we'll do to support virt conf
  - inflatable SeaGL world tour (like this? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_Duck_(sculpture)
  - some concerns about physical item going between different groups
  - could we make a Jitsi background? Make the pics available in a PR section/on a press page
  - work with SCCC to involve the campus, professors and student body
  - press page and community page, two audience outreach pages

- Important Links
    - [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing) - Can Lucy have access to this to upload Volunteer pamphlet?

##### Stickers (Hans or Andrew)

- [TODO] (Hans) look at examples and create description
- [TODO] redo logo with headphone or otherwise indicating virtual conference
- sticker packs would have a couple SeaGL stickers and also stickers from other groups
  - SeaGL with other mascots, like sticker logo selfies
- example: Indeed did Halloween themed sticker sheet with their logo
- Virutal stickers? Mail stickers?
- Registering 1 month in advance could get you a sticker packet in the mail
Here's an example from EFF, https://supporters.eff.org/shop/eff-sticker-pack

- https://gitlabfan.com/gitlab-stickers-for-telegram-and-slack-16639b2c126

---

#### Fundraising & Finance (??, Hans)

- 2 things from each committee about what we'll do to support virt conf
  - work with independent restaurant assoc for localized meal deals in US
  - talk to other gone virtual conferences about multi-conf sponsorships
  
- [TODO] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [TODO] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [TODO] talk to OLF and LFNW about working together

- Important Links
    - [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376)
    - [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0)
    - [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf)
    - [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf)

---

#### Website & Technical (Prasket, ??)

- [TODO] (website/technical) fill out domain desc

##### Email and group alias audit (Prasket)

##### OSEM (Andrew)

- Important Links
    - [Remote Conference Support Discusion](https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643)

- Migration to upstream still mired in misc. bugs
- slow going
- can use some rails assistance
- [TODO] add rails assistance to volunteers sought list

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission:
        - Maintain a low barrier to entry for volunteers
        - Should we host 'Birds of a Feather' breakout sessions as a replacement for the hallway track? Similar to DoDs sessions
        - Gimp logo to have seagl with headphones / laptop?
        - Host a 'get to know you' event at the beginning? I find in coffeeops groups of 6-10 are a good size.
        - Trivia at the end? We did sporcle trivia this week, and with breakout rooms it was pretty easy
        - Seattle-or-SeaGL visuals, maybe for like place-holder visual
        - Casual + non-corporate, 
        - 'Sleepless at SeaGL'
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
        - Have one volunteer in every talk to announce the speaker, enforce Code of Conduct, and ensure AV quality (should this person have ban access? will talks be in parallel?)
        - Recruit volunteers for new, yet to be determined roles now that conf is virtual, with clear actions for each role
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
        - Could we send an email to SCCC students asking for volunteers?
        
- Program wanted to talk about making BoFs first class citizens (!!!!)
- +1 from Rachel to revamping logo OMG FUNDRAISER YES RACHEL YES have a fundraiser for LIMITED EDITION covid SeaGL sticker / hand sanitizer / et.c
        
[TODO] Lucy: What roles do we need filled now that we're virtual?
- Room monitors: Intro speaker, enforce CoC, check AV quality
- Rails expert???
- [TODO] (everyone) brainstorm volunteer needs, especially day-of now that virtual

    - chat room moderators, introduces speaker, watches irc for questions, relays to speaker, usually at end

    - irc moderator, kick/warnings/etc

    - Staff dedicated to technical issues

    - 10 minute break was tough to get people to prep - maybe 15 minute breaks?

    - Maybe practice transitions?

      - volunteers for pre-conference AV testing with presenters +1
---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
 - in touch with some other program chairs to brainstorm changes to their programs in going virtual!
   - plans to spy on some other conferences for how they're doing all-virtual
 - keynote process starting this week!
 - sitll need a few more folks for program committee
   - vmbrasseur can help with proposal reviews, as can Deb
   - Deb is going to make some intros (Sri and Allison Yu)
   - Rachel will add Lucy and Deb to committee
 - brainstorming tracks and track types in order to prepare CFP
   - prerecorded, live, BOF?
   - story, tutorial, human interest?
   
idea from hans: different rooms for different speakers so prep can be done
 - however, transitioning viewers over might be challenging
 - still though - a longer break between talks than we're accustomed to is a very good call
   - a balance between 
   
shoutout to Big Blue Button rather than Jitsi
 - problems with jitsi include - multiple connecters meant audio or video failed, and bandwidth was challenging despite high quality internet.  "just not reliable enough and scrambling"
FSF has a BBB test instance we can try: https://testbbb.fsf.org
test video conferencing tool with people who has a shaky, low-bandwidth connection

"speakers room" idea - a private place to watch talks for speakers only, to help encourage speakers to stick around and hang out, more social more community
could have other funny "private" rooms, like "The one place with decaf coffee" or the "gender neutral bathroom chat"

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

- fsf experimenting with BBB, happy to host infrastructure of SeaGL!!!
- [TODO] (Salt) connect Romeo and Ian

---

#### Food/Drink & Afterparty (Keith, ??)

- trivia idea good
- participation via video/irc/etc
- good year for humorous lightning talks?
  - slide roulette
- activities that get people away from their computer and active in their house
  - scavenger hunt from Salt
  - punk rock aerobics from Deb
---

#### Logistics & OnSite (??, Deb)

- Important Links
    - https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
    - https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
    - [hallway track possibility from der.hans](https://qiqochat.com/about)


##### SCC Update (Lisa)

---

### Using more FLOSS tools for organizing (Salt)

- List of remote meeting options to replace UberConference
    - Big Blue Button, used by FSF, may be able to use their instance. Try out https://testbbb.fsf.org
        - Hans has a hosted instance that can be used
    - Jitsi, supports inlining etherpad, anti-harassment tools are lacking
    - Mumble, free software for audio calls. 
    - Etherpad now supports a/v, https://video.etherpad.com/p/SeaGLTest
- what could be moved to NextCloud?
  - spreadsheets

- techselection@seagl.org email list, more voices welcome
  - add Ian to techselection

### Year eight theme (Salt)

- Growing list of ideas
    - pieces of 8
    - year of the spider
    - inifinity
    - lucky in china
    - eight ball
    - octopus
    - free software cubed
    - crazy eights: "Crazy: eight years of SeaGL!"
    - 8 wires in ethernet/cat5
    - octagon, "stop in the name of FOSS"
    - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_octagonal_buildings_and_structures
    - eight days a week... is not enough to show I care ...about FOSS!
    - 8 wonders of the Free Software world
    - Eight bits in a byte: 'Have a byte of free software'
    - 8 mile-s of FOSS: 'Lose yourself in free software'
    - Octave: 'A harmonious year for FOSS'
    - 8 track
    - OSI level/layer 8, Freeing the People!!!

### MISC

- [TODO] (hans) organize offweek meeting about outreach stuff. meta meeting?
  - promo, theme, branding, etc.

<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 48 hours of the meeting) -->


<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->


## Timeline

- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- First contact for Sponsors: Middle of May
- Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of May
- Keynote selection: May
- Select theme: Beginning of June
- CFP open: Mid June
- CFP close: Mid August
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## TODO items
- [TODO] Outreach: create press kit for press
- [TODO] Outreach: create press kit community groups
- [TODO] Outreach: look at sticker pack examples and create description (Hans)
- [TODO] Outreach: redo logo with headphones and laptop or otherwise indicating virtual conference
- [TODO] Finance: find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [TODO] Finance: start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [TODO] Finance: talk to OLF and LFNW about working together
- [TODO] Web/Tech: fill out domain desc
- [TODO] Volunteer: seek rails volunteers for OSEM project
- [TODO] everyone: brainstorm volunteer needs, especially day-of now that virtual
- [TODO] A/V: connect Romeo and Ian (Salt)
- [TODO] Outreach: organize cross-committee outreach meeting for next week (Hans)


## Next Meeting

- Monday, May 25th @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.05.25
- Bi-weekly meetings through June (at least), Mondays @ 5pm PT
- Memorial Day

---

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round


<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->
<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting: (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date (B) copy content from this pad into new one (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new (D) clear discussion notes, move TODOs to "Last meeting TODO review" (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list  (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank (G) update link in calendar -->
