<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-10-19 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- October 19th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20201012-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Salt, Andrew, der.hans, Lucy, Ben, Nathan, Romeo
- Current: Salt, Nathan, Deb, Rachel, Lucy, Ben, der.hans, Monica
- Apologies: Romeo, Andrew

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Rachel!

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 5
- Talks Submitted: 85
- Speakers Submitted: 64
- Talks Accepted: 36
- Ambassadors: 9 -> 9
- TeaGL Signups: 5 -> 10
- Volunteers: 1 -> 1
- Sponsors: ??
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??
- Office Hours attendance: ??

## Review previous meeting feedback
- sntxrr: excited to head down the path
- ben: glad figured out the platform, will give us good things to talk about, look forward to things to work on
- hans: thanks to everyone working on tech stack, great to see people stepping up and jumping in
- lucy: very excited we chose a platform
- romeo: excited that everyone has shown enthusiasm for tech stack, excited to hear back from ian, hyped to do video editing for teagl mug touching
- andrew: very happy that we are choosing the free software option, think it's what seagl's audience would prefer
- salt: elated that we made this decision surrounding the tech stack, huge thanks to sntxrr for all his work, tree on the irc bot and keith getting lots of stuff figured out, excited for the SeaGL 2020 team


<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->


## Agenda

### Committee Updates

---

#### Audio/Visual (Romeo)
- FSF can't install BBB plugin due to Chrome dependency. Probably would work with Chromium.
- Attempt installation w/ Chromium instead of Chrome and send modified Dockerfile to FSF to install in their datacenter.
- They ran into some Jitsi problems because they didn't pray to the demo gods hard enough.
- BBB can install & is needed for speaker route of DIY conference software.  Secret key acquired. We need an RTSP stream.

##### IRC Bot (Tree)
- SeaGL Bot working!!  seaglbot will be admin of any new room as requested by users.
- Announcements are now functional
- any channel seaglbot is managing will send announcements to those channels
- timer created
- rate limiting decreased to 1 per second for seaglbot, should be fine ("help" is a known heavy command as the output is several lines)
- usage stats, none yet though plenty are possible, we can always get this data later.
- going to register seaglbot with freenode - make sure to authenticate carefully
    - Pls add these nicks: freedeb and nhandler, bcotton, FLOX_Advocate, sntxrr too please , lucyw
- program committee is finalizing schedule, we need firm how to for various speaker paths

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [DONE] figure out how to have 2 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- [In-Progress] setup jitsi server before racking in datacenter

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] add these nicks to seagl freenode org and bot admin list: freedeb, nhandler, bcotton, FLOX_Advocate, sntxrr, lucyw

##### Important Links
- [Homebrew conference platform documentation]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)
- 

##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)

##### OSEM (Andrew)

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [BUMP] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [BUMP] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [TODO] let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too.
- [TODO] change social account logins to use social@seagl.org address
    - [ ] Twitter
    - [ ] ?? what other accounts do we have?
- [TODO] get keith trello access and the initial list of asks

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (???) create list of everyone's irc handles so that they can be granted ops in the official channels and access to the bot

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster
- [OSUOSL Trello board]: https://trello.com/b/1b97B6Ud/seagl-migration

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- 30 Confirmed Talks (waiting on 6 more confirmations)
- we have poked the remaining 6 today, Deb can help poke on Twitter in ~2 days if we still don't hear back
- Scheduling talk times this week, our general start and finish times? 
    - 9:00 - 4:30 with an hour for lunch and 45 minute break in the afternoon, 3 tracks
- Emailing speakers with talk time and logistical details this weekend
    - NEED DETAILS ABOUT PRE-RECORDED and LIVE TALKS AND HOW THEY WILL WORK!!! ++
    - Are we meeting about this on Saturday?
    - conference software runthru happening Saturday, Salt will schedule
- Include link about volunteering in speaker logistic email

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year
- [TODO] offer pre-recording & practicing times
- [TODO] Send email out to confirmed speakers reminding of a couple details like 20m timeslot
- [TODO] (Salt) schedule a time to test tech stack for presentors (pre-recorded, live, q&a, etc.)
    - 1pm sat, will send out calendar invite

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- We have a form now! Hopefully this makes signing up easier? https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/yHs5d8qmEBedQ72d
- Is there a talk schedule? Hopefully by the end of the week - I will update the spreadsheet once that's done! Slots are done.
    - Slots: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zizmQ2_EA-35U_oB2o2TJw3cPcSmRmprt8EzcXVsQpQ/edit#gid=0
- Does anyone know a contact at LFNW and / or SCALE I can reach out to to post to mailing lists? Honestly the whole...situation earlier this year with that mailing list has made me nervous to just post
- Any other mailing lists I should send to? Der.hans will post to ambassadors
    - Ask people more directly to post to their channels
- What video platform are we using for the private volunteer -> speaker video? Sounds like BBB
- I assume a staff member will be managing re-streamer tech stack? Related: will talks be staggered? No, 3 tracks so...kind of no point. All start at the same time.
- Diversity and Inclusion in Open Source email?

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Lucy)  an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers (regular decision making throughout the year, not specifically day-of)
- [DONE] (Lucy) To use + get familiar with tech stack then...
- [In Progress] (Lucy) Write up detailed instructions for each position (taking inspiration from https://debconf-video-team.pages.debian.net/docs/online_volunteer_roles.html)
- [TODO] Talk to Lisa about volunteers from the CS of SCCC
- [TODO] (Salt) Give Lucy details about Libre Planet + LFNW moderators for volunteer ask email
- [TODO] (Hans) email ambassadors list about volunteers
- [TODO] work on message to meetup groups announcing seagl talks and asking for volunteers
    - run past Salt before sending out
- [TODO] Include magic 8 ball in solicitations
- [TODO] (Lucy) Email speakers@seagl.org

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- Need to confirm captioning & figure out how they like their payment
    - reimburse?  quickbooks?  we'll see!
- Most services take an RTSP stream, 

##### TeaGL (Monica)
- 10 people!!!!  Thanks to everyone who tweeted & encouraged thsi!
- can we encourage volunteers with tea?
- all welcome to teagl even if they didn't participate in the swap

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [TODO] look into transcription options to whitecoat
    - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/media-services/latest/live-transcription
    - https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/media-services/
    - https://otter.ai/
    - https://streamtext.net/features/ (0.009/minute)
- [TODO] (Deb) take numbers back to transcriber for more solid quote
    - 9–5, three tracks; 18 × 45 (810) min per day
    - 4.5 hours per track, 1h per day of keynotes, 3 tracks per day, 29h total programming
- [DONE] extend TeaGL signups, update blog post, announce on all of the socials
- [DONE] start making "pass the tea cup" video, send videos to Romeo
- [TODO] Pick teagl shipment deadline
- [TODO] Match tea swap buddies, send e-mails
- [TODO] TeaGL 'sweetener' for volunteers (aka free tea???)
- [TODO] Make sure people know they're welcome to tea party even if they didn't do swap.

##### New TODOs

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social -- we have a few more to go

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [How LPC used BBB to run a conference]: https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/830436/32e90fdf8ae0cf7f/
- [TeaGL signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/qsiw2pCb5sKPPaCg

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- created seagull pattern background (Mateus)
- started the TeaGL toast videos, can be used for conference adroll
- social media posts about tea swap deadline
- Ambassadors posts with recaps of APconf and RaiseMe@ShellCon
- Created schedule for social media posts (Ben)
- Ambassadors post about tea swap deadline
- DM to Sri@LAS about tea swap deadline and tea toasts between our conferences



##### Reminders
- post a TeaGL Toast :)
    - https://mastodon.social/@SeaGL/105054866809580731


##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] add/write blog posts
    - [x] (der.hans) post and promo for ambassadors initiative
    - [ ] theme blog post
    - [ ] (Deb and Hans) talk to Indeed/Alison about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts
- [In-progress] New designers to update 2020 Flyer for virtual, use pandemic logo (files attached to card in Nextcloud)
- [TODO] Create web and social banners, need dimensions
    - Mastodon avatar and banner
    - Twitter avatar and banner
    - Facebook event: 1200x628
- [TODO] create schedule of topic/pin update verifications
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [TODO] create graphics for physical stickers
- [In-Progress] promote TeaGL
- [DONE] create Facebook event (Salt)
    - Contact Hans out of band, he's not generally a Facebook type person
    - https://www.facebook.com/events/355988355720658/
- [TODO] create GetTogether event (Hans)
- [TODO] get info to ada's for promotion (Salt)
    - a Facebook event that can be shared
    - flyers
    - respond to email
- [TODO] write blog post about creating tech stack: what, how and why (Ben)
    - Talk to Salt, sntxrr, Keith & tree about it 
- [TODO] write blog posts about how participants will use the tech stack (Ben)

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] promote TeaGL Toasts
- [TODO] (Hans) Here's how easy it was to make the TeaGL Toast video with Kdenlive
- [TODO] review tech stack documentation for participants
- [TODO] review tech stack documentation for speakers
- [TODO] speaker reminder to social media, can mention program will be ready soon (Hans)
- [TODO] SeaGL 2020 post about volunteers (Hans)
- [TODO] ambassadors post about volunteers (Hans)

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] figure out the minimum submission of a request for a press kit to a design site
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
- [TODO] Submit external request for graphics assistance

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing
- [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
- [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social
- [style guide]: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/85
- [PixelFed]: https://pixelfed.social/SeaGL
- [Twitter]: https://twitter.com/seagl
- [Mastodon]: https://mastodon.social/@seagl
- [Facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/SeattleGnuLinuxConference
- [Facebook Event]: https://www.facebook.com/events/355988355720658/
- [Social Media Schedule] https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/outreach/social_schedule.md

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)
- 

##### Reminders
- add things to the hallway track brainstorming pad (listed below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] (everyone) generate trivia questions

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- Added Amazon platinum sponsorship to site
- Emailed FSF again about sponsorship description for Indeed
- Emailed FSF again about updating sponsorship form to ask for logo, link and description - need their OK to do so

##### Reminders
- Reach out to your employer and other potential sponsors with the prospectus (listed below) and update the lead sheet so we don't double up (also below)
- Update lead sheet when you contact a potential sponsor

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
    - [TODO] schedule committee meeting with new volunteer (Hans)
- [In-Progress] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] (Salt) reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
- [In-Progress] (Salt) take over payments to the physical storage rental space
- [TODO] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [In-progress] get sponsors on website
- [TODO] reimburse Keith $100 for Hopin
- [In-progress] follow up with FSF about finalizing 2020 books, get update on cashlog (Hans)
- [TODO] (Deb) Follow up with FSF about matching SeaGL's gift to Women in Linux
- [TODO] (Alison) follow up with Hans offline about what Indeed needs in terms of a sponsorship document
- [TODO] (Hans) follow up with Alison/Indeed regarding a quote about why Indeed wants to support SeaGL

##### New TODOs

##### Bikeshed
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest Sorry what is this for? Bikeshed, so not too important right now... the idea was to have discounts/vouchers at local restraurants
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=166062536
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf
- [Sponsorship FAQ]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPqypsOF2ONfKCVd3D_tiGqS5i13SbVePD-aPEEPYQg/edit

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- 

##### Speaker Gifts
- Waiting on payment

##### Honoraria
- No updates

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs (thank you to interrem/folks lacking a co-chair)
    - Website & Technical (thanks Andrew)
    - Finance & Fundraising (thanks Hans)
    - Promotion & Outreach (thanks Hans)
    - Logistics & On"Site" (thanks Deb)
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track (thanks Keith)
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how their committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts
- [In-Progress] (Deb) Talk with Tameika and say that we're funding something specifically vs. here's a pile of cashola ($1000 earmarked)
- [TODO] (Salt) draft blog post about honoraria changes

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/

---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [ ] SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
    - Still needs to be done at some point
- [ ] Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
    - incoming from programming committee
- [/] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [ ] Highlight the hours that the conference takes place on social
    - 9-5pm ish?
    - will have hours once we figure out schedule, couple weeks away
- [x] announce ambassadors initiative (Hans)
- [ ] Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers
- [ ] Schedule posted (early next week)

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- ~~Virtual attendee party idea: September~~
- Announce talks: Mid October
- Testing of speaker infrastructure: Mid October
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: 2 weeks before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, October 26 @ 5pm PT wooooo
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.10.26
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->


## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round


<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->



