<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-11-23 SeaGL 2020 Retrospective
- November 23rd, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## Minutes from last pre-conference meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20201109-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Salt, Nathan, Lucy, der.hans, Deb, Andrew, Ben, Alison, Don/sntxrr, Rachel, Monica, Keith, Tree, Romeo
- Current: Salt, Andrew, Nathan, Alison, Don/sntxrr, Lucy, Rachel, Romeo, Ben, der.hans, Deb, Mateus, Keith
- Apologies: 

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note takers
- Keith and Rachel

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 4
- Talks Submitted: 85
- Speakers Submitted: 64
- Talks Accepted: 36
- Ambassadors: 10 -> 10
- TeaGL Signups: 10
- Volunteers: 11 -> 14
- Fiscal Sponsors: 4 -> 5
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??
- Office Hours attendance: ??
- Career Expo Signups: 3
- Career Expo Drive Bys: 2
- Career Expo Counselors: 4
- Career Expo Sessions: 6

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Ben: Great meeting, lots of work, finished talk last night!
- Romeo: Excited to get updated sponsors in render and re-render
- Salt: Thank you to everyone!
- Nathan: It's almost here!
- Lucy: Community during the pandemic is great! Can't wait
- Deb: Favorite meeting in a sea of zoom meetings, excited for event
- Andrew: Time flies, everything coming together
- Rachel: Very excited, so impressed with amount of work everyone is doing
- Monica: Excited about TeaGL, looking forward to working with LAS people!
- Don: Count Don in for next year! Freaked out about the amount of work, thank glob got Wednesday off
- Tree: Excited and nervous, so much work, it'll get there (HAPPY 40th BIRTHDAY TREE) 
- Hans: Doing so much work, so awesome, looking forward to all the things we have going on, sleep next week!
- Keith: Great to see this come together, told Salt was crazy to have this vision, excited it's pulled off

<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->

## Agenda
- focus is on retrospective, not 2021

### List out tasks to close 2020
- [ ] close seagl 2020 books (Hans)
    - [ ] confirm sponsorship money arrived (Hans)
    - [ ] make sure reimbursements were issued (Hans)
        - [ ] Adam for physical storage rental space
        - [ ] Keith $100 for Hopin, a second month now as well
        - [ ] Salt for various things (e.g. castr, alibaba, etc.)
        - [ ] Hans for plushies
        - [ ] ??? email asking if anyone else has reimbursement requests
- [ ] writing closing 2020 blog posts (Hans/Ben)
    - [ ] write thank you for attending blog post (Rachel/Salt)
        - [ ] include number of unique nicks the bot saw
        - [ ] include sponsor call outs
    - [ ] Blog about videos (especially keynotes) (Nathan/Rachel)
    - [ ] Publish final keynoter interview blog post (Nathan/Rachel)
    - [ ] post about Inclusion/Diversity/Equity/Accessibility (IDEA) / Women in Linux donation (and honoraria trouble) (Deb/Hans)
    - [ ] blog post on SeaGL 2020 tech stack, there and back again and again and again, include release of codebase (Tech Team)
    - [ ] retrospective suggestions/thanks (Hans/Salt)
- [ ] upload videos (Romeo)
    - [x] decide on license
        - CC BY-SA 4.0 International
    - [ ] transcribe videos  (Romeo/Keith)
    - [x] decide on locations to host (archive.org [default, target links], youtube, fsf peertube?)
    - [ ] notify Nathan/Rachel once videos are on archive.org so they can spot check and prepare blog posts/emails (Romeo)
- [ ] send gifts (Salt)
    - [ ] collect addresses in one place (Salt)
        - [x] Collect volunteer addresses for volunteer magic8 ball gift (Lucy)
        - [ ] make sure to include speakers, other program committee folks (Nathan/Rachel)
        - [x] afterparty winners, Bri Hatch, Mako Hill, Ian, Lisa? (Salt)
        - [ ] for keynotes and staff, make sure to include seagull (Nathan/Rachel for keynotes)
    - [ ] reach out to folks who had a shipping preference that needed followup (whoever spoke to them)
    - [ ] compare shipping options (Salt/Keith)
        - [ ] just 8 ball
        - [ ] 8 ball + seagull
        - [ ] fsf & lfnw 8 balls
    - [ ] package items (when they arrive), confirm whether package should also include seagl, add stickers to each (Salt)
    - [ ] submit for reimbursement of shipping expenses (Salt)
- [ ] verify all images created this year made it into Nextcloud (Hans)
- [ ] Thank you cards for SCC, LFNW, FSF, ExtraHop, and SchedulesDirect (should we wait till gifts are ready?) (Hans/Salt)
- [ ] write thank you emails (Salt)
    - [ ] to sponsors (Hans)
    - [ ] to speakers (Nathan/Rachel)
        - Remember to warn them to expect their speaker gift
    - [x] to volunteers (Lucy) (lots of first-time volunteers want to participate next year!)
- [ ] spin down/update infrastructure (Don/Andrew/Keith)
    - [ ] [redirect irc channels](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/IRC/MovingChannels#Forwarding) (Salt/Don)
        - This should be temp, drop registration a few weeks later
    - [ ] confirm whether anything that was stood up/expanded has been reduced/removed (Tech Team)
        - [ ] jitsi
        - [ ] bbb
        - [x] osem
        - [x] azure
        - [ ] aws
        - [ ] Rob's account?
        - [x] Andrew's account
        - [ ] castr
        - [x] seagl.org
        - [ ] ???
- [ ] update get involved/ participate page (Andrew/Hans)
- [ ] Publish attend.seagl.org repository (Andrew)
- [ ] ???, keep adding throughout the meeting as things come up


### Feedback Form Review
- will screenshare and go through [responses](https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/eenxfWgqKFKCQwaE/results)
- capture any relevant feedback here

- BBB, video of presentation area was large and person was tiny, only an issue in real time, not for recordings
- Saturday am keynote felt like an advertisement
- Unify the schedules, make sure up-to-date in all places
- Make sure timezones are right on all schedules, see if they can be reactive to user
- Did not find out about conf early enough
- Nice! Resounding success, minor challenges, etc.
- Speaking to no audience was weird
- Moderator didn't introduce or chat with the speaker beforehand
- Add interview session format
- Make it clear when the talk is live
- Add interview or panel session formats, even MST3K
- Pre-recorded talks worked really well
- People who opened hallway track or talks in separate tabs caused confusion (shh during a talk)
- Need more participant guinea pigs/volunteers, before the conference
- Suggested spatial virtual space like Calla (or possibly Mozilla Hubs)
- Consider adding chillout rooms, seagull art gallery tour
- Fewer channels, add channels as we need them rather than pre-populate (e.g. just hallway, not party/trivia/cocktails/etc)
- The !cr command was amazing, volunteers appreciated it!
- Everything was awesome
- Make sure people know that there will be a part where reviewers will see the proposer's names
- Make sure proposers know that they should write a real abstract and not just coast on a known name
- Warm fuzzies
- Sumana was awesome!!
- Yay, web portal!
- Thanks for setting up the careeer expo!
- Make the feedback link more obvious, talk about it more, extend the time it's open
    - We can still send this out in our thank you email to speakers and the thank you post on the blog
- Be more mindful about what's on the front page, update stuff according to a timeline

---

### Committee Additions
- each committee should go through how they felt things went and add any specific suggestions of things to consider from that context
- we will ToDone, bikeshed, or TwOntDO any TODOs, new TODOs should be added to the above list

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- Volunteer | Speaker | Staff overlap:
    - Volunteer + Staff + Speaker: 2 (should I write names?)
    - Volunteer + Speaker: 2
    - Volunteer + Staff: 3 (1 was programming committee, not staff, but I think counts)
    - Volunteer: 7
- Stress leading up to event about getting enough volunteers, but not different than in-person in that regard
- Most feedback from volunteers was positive.
- One piece of feedback was about CoC enforcement, vol did not feel ready to manage/triage any events that might come up.
    - flesh out CoC responder role
- Lots of volunteers came from PDX/Seattle CoffeeOps (thx Lucy and Don!)
- Volunteer training went great (++ from Rachel - yes it went great!!!)
- Email listing each talk a given moderator was going to moderate for was SO helpful
- Big ups to Lucy for such an awesome job as volunteer chair!!!!!+++
    - I'll do that for in-person too!
- Add speaker pronouns in email
- Link to OSEM entry in the email
- Had a few volunteers that had some trouble registering nicks, could have gone smoother

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] Make an FAQ for volunteers
    - include Code of Conduct questions, and anything related to getting on BBB, how to join the mailing list, etc. 
- [TwOntDO] (Rachel) Talk to Lisa about volunteers from the CS of SCCC
- [DONE] Meetup groups would also be good to message for volunteers
    - (Salt) sent some of these out, but Meetup flagged me as a spammer v_v
    - :( Np! I think we're honestly good on volunteers. But yeah about attending!
- [DONE] (Everyone) review volunteer resources on github
- [DONE] Add basic IRC commands to volunteer resources

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] create an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers (regular decision making throughout the year, not specifically day-of)
    - can commit to doing this before next year's planning begins
- [TwOntDO] (Salt) Give Lucy details about Libre Planet + LFNW moderators for volunteer ask email

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup form]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/yHs5d8qmEBedQ72d
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit#gid=0
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- A weird year for "on-site"
    - :D indeed
- Captioning discussion was hard, AI captioning got like, magically better and better as we approached the conf itself
- Awesome to be able to pass on Impresario role to Salt who did a great job +++++++
- Thought: maybe we could reach out to manufr & see if they'll one-off us a few?

##### TeaGL (Monica)
- TeaGL was AWESOME, great to have someone lead it, great to have someone manage the forms, great to have someone guide discussion both days!!
- It was nice to "meet" your tea partner during the swap
- TeaGL was amazing! It was delightful to hear about other people's teas and feel really connected
- The tea sending with anonymi"tea" was a bit challenging logistically, some people still didn't trust it.
- Make it clearer that participants can register multiple times
- The !tea bot command was a big hit :) so nice to move from alcohol to something way more inclusive & way more "SeaGL"
- Maybe Ada's Technical could be some kind of tea location where people can drop their tea off & pick it up
- The toast video would be good to have instructions for, a permanent home, and some other accommodation (webrtc with a record button that automagically uploads)

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] TeaGL 'sweetener' for volunteers (aka free tea???) (maybe next year)

##### Important Links
- [staff contact sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/147yuXW7LyUNtfNs4xlujsNR_mO0GK_ZdaKO1Kfj_dVE/edit#gid=0
- [TeaGL signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/qsiw2pCb5sKPPaCg

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, Ben)
- Thank you Hans and Ben and everyone who worked on Outreach stuff - fantastic job creating assets and blog posts and everything in between.  Enormous thank-yous!
- Got good feedback about the graphics which were so good, thank you Mateus!!!
- Thanks Ben for writing blog posts!
- Great to see conference-specific images and headers, etc. on Twitter/FB/etc.
- Awesome to see all the tweets WITH IMAGES scheduled!!!  this made a huge difference, speakers loved RTing their talk tweets.  Lots of engagement stirred up from that.
- Schedule of blog posts was good, but lots of posts could have gone out a bit earlier like the schedule by a couple of weeks (note to Program)
- Would be good to get images out to speakers sooner (Ben: agreed. I used my image to promote on LinkedIn, my newsletter, etc. I'm sure others would like to do the same)
- MIght want to peel out some of the people who are doing the interviewing or assembly for different pieces of information, from the people who would write the posts themselves ++ generally this is the principle of not having people chair multiple committees
- Would be good to have a list of people with their interests/skills listed, in order to rely less heavily on 1 or 2 people for certain things
- graphics were so freakin good
- outreach retrospective pad: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_promo_2020.11.23
- Thanks to everyone else who created content for outreach, monitored social media accountc, etc

##### Reminders
- [DONE] Publicize TeaGL, stress everyone is welcome even if they didn't swap
- [DONE] promote schedule
- [DONE] post a TeaGL Toast :)
    - https://mastodon.social/@SeaGL/105054866809580731
    - upload your video to the nextcloud [#TeaGLtoasts r/w source files] directory

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] theme blog post
- [DONE] talk to Indeed/Alison about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts (Deb and Hans)
- [DONE] New designers to update 2020 Flyer for virtual, use pandemic logo (files attached to card in Nextcloud)
- [DONE] investigate face mask options, investigate print their own platform (Hans)
- [DONE] blogs: today (tech stack, Career Expo), Tuesday (theme), Thursday (accessibility ((IDEA)), Friday (Women in Linux) (Hans and others)
- [DONE] review tech stack documentation for participants
- [DONE] review tech stack documentation for speakers
- [DONE] post schedule announcement to ambassadors list (Hans)
- [DONE] Hans will talk to sntxrr about the tech for the career expo (and concerns around privacy)
- [DONE] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [DONE] Add LinuxJournal as a media sponsor (Salt)
- [DONE] Blog post about how to attend SeaGL (Rachel)
- [DONE] theme YouTube channel (Melody)
- [DONE] update banner to YouTube size (Mateus, Melody)
- [DONE] write and deploy SeaGL Career Expo post (Hans)
- [DONE] page about how attendees interact w/ our tech stack, etc. (Hans, Lucy)
- [DONE] include request for feedback form during conference announcements
- [DONE] chat with Romeo about ad roll assets (Hans)

##### Ongoing
- review social media accounts interactions

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] Post design guide (Mateus)
- [In-Progress] organize files in Nextcloud (Mateus)
- [TODO] check relevant resources into git (Hans and Salt)
- [TODO] Order physical stickers
    - [In-Progress] create graphics for physical stickers (Smera, Mateus, Melody)
    - [TODO] Create camera ready images for physical stickers
- [TODO] Sister event promo (make sure it goes onto outreach mailing list)
    - [ ] SCaLE (March?)
    - [ ] LFNW (April?)
    - [ ] TXLF (May?)
- [DONE] Highlight PT/UTC hours on social media
- [TODO] blog post about here's how easy it was to make the TeaGL Toast video with Kdenlive (Hans)
- [TODO] post about the stickers and how to use them in signal, etc.
- [TODO] get more volunteers access to monitor social media accounts
- [TODO] documentation brain dump in org repo (Ben)
- [TODO] get Mateus access to make pull requests (Hans)
    - Anyone should be able to make a Pull Request, it is only merging that is restricted
- [TODO] Patch photo tour of Seattle
- [TODO] plushy photo tour of the world
- [TwOntDO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.

##### Important Links
- Social Media Accounts
    - [Twitter]: https://twitter.com/seagl
    - [Mastodon]: https://mastodon.social/@seagl
    - [PixelFed]: https://pixelfed.social/SeaGL
    - [GetTogether Event]: https://gettogether.community/events/7827/seagl-2020/
    - [Facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/SeattleGnuLinuxConference
    - [Facebook Event]: https://www.facebook.com/events/355988355720658/
    - [IRC/Matrix]: #SeaGL
- Mailing Lists
    - [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
    - [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social
- Documents
    - [Social Media Schedule] https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/outreach/social_schedule.md
    - [Outreach documents] https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/SXjcZ5pZrojEKbA ( read-only )
    - [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing ( deprecated )
    - [original "style guide"]: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/85

---

#### Website & Technical (sntxrr, Andrew)
- ALL THE APPLAUSE
- Live captioning would have been great
- Should have run through everything as a participant before the event
- May have been easier if we'd just gone through OBS
- WE PULLED IT OFF CAN'T BE SAID ENOUGH - Y'ALL ARE AMAZING
- People saying "I want this as a product", got questions about having folks work for other conferences
- Would love to see this more widely used - will we be releasing documentation publicly?
    - yes
- KiwiIRC amazing - kudos to Andrew!
- Some nitpicks with Jitsi - a bit inflexible, the IRC plugin to kiwi & the rest was pretty annoying, should have disabled Jitsi Chat, but it can all be worked out.
- Majority of users just experienced kiwiIRC stuff.  we didn't prioritize longtime irc users, but instead unfamiliar users which was a HUGE HUGE HUGE shift that probably brought in hundreds of users
- Still, we should have smoothed the interactions between other irc clients and kiwi
- Will be working to get stuff upstreamed (e.g. Jitsi plugin)
- Would love to see this written up on opensource.com
- Maybe having some of the committees so separated slowed us down a bit?
- Staff experience was great for this too
- Want live transcription obviously and we'll get there for next year!
- There was no testing for mobile experience
- Some pain for new irc users, but way less than expected
- Not enough tech volunteers, too much development work to achieve everything
- Higher priority on getting folks to help with tech earlier on
- One big flaw was how hard-wired we needed humans to be for a 2 days straight (Thank you sntxrr!!)
    - We can script much of this to be better for next time and not so human-dependent
    - redundancy is a great thing, let's work on it for next year!
- Gotta centralize repos/docs/issues for drive-by contributors

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] need to use the BBB API to get internal IDs of the meetings
- [DONE] add nicks to seagl freenode org and bot admin list
    -See [staff contact sheet]
- [DONE] (Salt) Scale up OSEM bucket sizes on Wednesday, scale down on Sunday
- [DONE] (Andrew) Add a BIG BUTTON at the top of seagl.org to attend talks. Flock mind
- [DONE] (Salt) send message on IRC to request cloaks for staff members and bot
- [TwOntDO] (Andrew) try attend.seagl.org on mobile...

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] (sntxrr) get osem hosted somewhere for Andrew to test upstream
    - It's complicated; work started at https://github.com/AndrewKvalheim/osem/tree/trial
- [TODO] (Salt) work on osuosl transition, get those with trello access the initial list of asks (keith, sntxrr, andrew)
- [TODO] change social account logins to use social@seagl.org address
    - [ ] (Salt) Twitter
    - [ ] (??) Facebook
    - [ ] ?? what other accounts do we have?
- [TODO] scripting the stream swapping
- [TODO] look into why seagl email is going to spam
- [TODO] verify how irc room creation from within kiwi acts
    - bot shouldn't enter unless bot creates room via !cr
- [TODO] (Tree) see if there's a worldlist filter to set a mute on someone, maybe for a length of time with a warning?
- [TODO] (Tree) add a link to help on kiwi irc somewhere in the bot, !chathelp?

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster
- [OSUOSL Trello board]: https://trello.com/b/1b97B6Ud/seagl-migration

---

#### Audio/Visual (Romeo)
- We have basically no TeaGL Toasts. We have what we had before the conf + 2. I think that brings our total to 7? imho not enough for a promo
- YouTube livestream recording exists - audio desync, choppy video sometimes, people cut off early, volunteers video/voice in the talk
- BBB feed has microphones+individual webcam feeds+screen recording+slideshows. Also has in-between volunteer discussion that I can cut
- BBB feeds are difficult to organized and have long terrible filenames
- I know nothing about transcription
- we gave $20 to Kevin Macleod?
- I haven't decided a style for final rendering but I am thinking something similar to how DEFCON does it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzGwO5L9oq4

##### Reminders
- [DONE] Keep sending your TeaGL videos

##### Previous TODOs
- [TwOntDO] Set up separate twitch accounts and streams
- [DONE] Separate videos for constant loop
- [DONE] (Salt) send Romeo new sponsor details for adroll
- [DONE] add something that directs people to attend.seagl.org in ad-roll

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description etherpad]

##### Important Links
- [Homebrew conference platform documentation]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- Just a thought, maybe a keynote specific chair for next year
    - If this happens, it should be a sub-chair still within programming, but I strongly feel this should be deferred to the programming chair(s) next year
    - agree
- Estimate for when videos will be ready?
- Co-Chairs++ (strongly recommend for other committees)
- Individual speaker graphics/tweets were awesome

##### Reminders
- [DONE] Keep Rachel and Nathan in the loop on anything speaker related

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] Create #seagl-speaker-lounge
- [DONE] decide on license to release videos under

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year

##### Important Links

---

#### Participant Party & Hallway Track (Keith, Tree)
- (Salt) would have been nice to have matrix bridges setup ahead of time
- (Salt) we got lucky not having any spammers, should have a plan incase

- (Tree) Over-all, The TLDR is very positive. From my viewpoint I think it went rather smoothly, and I only have a few brief points.
- The SeaGL-Bot worked better than I originally anticipated. I overestimated the amount of user requests it would service. However there are many opportunities for improvement;
- But to mention 1 in  particular, was the hard requirement of SASL auth from AWS to Freenode that we hit the night before. However, it wasn't a show-stopper. Special thank you to sntxrr for figuring out what and where to host it from.
- I had a lot of fun developing the bot, and invite you to submit issues on github for feature requests and improvements, in the event it gets used again. https://github.com/treedavies/seagl-2020-bot
- Next Year I hope we keep the virtual conference aspect, even if we are able to have an in-person conference. This way attendees who cannot travel can also attend, and we can grow the visibility of the conference.
- I thought the speaker line-up was great. The talks selected were right for beginner to intermediate technical level, the speakers were fun educational and engaging.
- I had a great time, and enjoyed working with everyone. You are all amazing people and I feel like I found a tribe of individuals who share in my values and perspective on the world.

##### Reminders
- [DONE] add things to the hallway track brainstorming pad (listed below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] find mc's for afterparty events
- [DONE] (Salt) pin down details for Mako's Friday night happy hour
- [DONE] (Salt) Ask Mako to add a list if ingredients for folks to follow along with his party
- [DONE] (everyone) generate trivia questions
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_trivia
- [DONE] (everyone) generate more scavenger hunt items
- [DONE] writeup day-of logistics for afterparty
- [DONE] explore rewards for playing/winning the games
    - this/previous year's speaker gifts
    - gift cards to fsf/open collective/etc
    - virtual thank you card
- [DONE] Everyone! Please add trivia questions: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_trivia
- [DONE] Everyone! Please add scavenger hunt ideas: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hunt
- [DONE] write social blog post for afterparty/trivia/mako/etc
- [TODO] Link for the bot help on KiwiIRC
- [DONE] Lucy get a list of IRC nicks of volutneers to Tree
- [DONE] Comprehensive list of commands / documentation incoming from Tree

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] fill out [domain description etherpad]

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
- [trivia questions]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_trivia
- [scavenger hunt ideas]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hunt

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- 

##### Reminders
- [DONE] (Salt) get sponsors on website

##### Reimbursements

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Hans) follow up with Alison/Indeed regarding a quote about why Indeed wants to support SeaGL
- [DONE] (Salt) add incoming sponsors to website

##### Bikeshed
- [In-progress] follow up with FSF about finalizing 2020 books, get update on cashlog (Hans)
- [TODO] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [TODO] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] get approval from FSF for the sponsorship promo questions on the sponsorship form
- [TODO] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [In-Progress] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [TODO] update finance and fundraising documentation

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=166062536
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf
- [Sponsorship FAQ]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPqypsOF2ONfKCVd3D_tiGqS5i13SbVePD-aPEEPYQg/edit

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- 

##### Speaker Gifts
- (screen share picture of sample)
- still waiting for production before having shipment eta...

##### Honoraria
- Women in Linux Donation
    - did we do this?
    - Can we send a magic 8 ball toy?
    - yes

##### Reminders
- start submitting [seagl 2020 feedback]!!!

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Salt) confirm that everyone who should be on CoC@seagl.org is on
    - add lucy, keith, ???
- [DONE] (Salt) convert CoC@ to group
    - advanced email routing stuff for coc@, see https://support.google.com/a/answer/4524505
    - You can make coc@ go to a (new) google group
- [DONE] (Salt) create calendar invite for 6pm tech team time
- [DONE] (Salt) create calendar invite for November 23, 2 hour retrospective

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description etherpad]
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TwOntDO] fill out remaining chairs (thank you to interrem/folks lacking a co-chair)
    - Finance & Fundraising (thanks Hans)
    - Logistics & On"Site" (thanks Deb)
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how their committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/
- [seagl 2020 feedback]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/eenxfWgqKFKCQwaE

---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [TwOntDO] Keynote Introductions/Announcements + scheduling post, per day
    - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
    - incoming from programming committee
    - [DONE] (Salt) check if this is done
- [DONE] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [DONE] A shorty about our social stuff?

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- ~~Virtual attendee party idea: September~~
- ~~Announce talks: Mid October~~
- ~~Testing of speaker infrastructure: Mid October~~
- ~~Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: November~~
- ~~Volunteer training: 2 weeks before the conference~~
- ~~SeaGL Nov 13/14~~

## Next Meetings
- Monday, November 30th @ 5pm PT
- Will target one hour
- Salt to send email and calendar invite
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.11.30

### Tech Team Tuning
- infrastructure brainstorming session
- ~2 hours, 11/28 - 12/6
- https://whenisgood.net/ymryj47

### SeaGL Org Organizing
- organizational alignment, infrastructure update
- ~1.5 hours, 12/7 - 12/14
- https://whenisgood.net/3kjzmwt

### SeaGL 2021 Kick-off
- February/March
- When should time poll go out?

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->
- 

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes a bientot round
- 

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->
<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):
    #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
    javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->



