<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/ -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# 2020-07-06 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- July 6th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200629-allhands.md
- Attending: der.hans, Andrew, Salt, Rachel, Lucy,Megan

Deb: sadly cannot attend, family thing, my updates are inline

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- der.hans

## Metrics
- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- format is <!-- Timebox: 10 minutes (until hh:mm) -->
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Facilitation by topic
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Nathan: meeting felt like we made more progress, faster, maybe due to swapped order
- Andrew: don't have much to say, ran how it should
- Rachel: feeling good, felt super productive, excited about blog post section, will comb through
- Deb: went well, good to mix it up, got to everything


<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda <!-- Timebox: xx minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 24 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->


---

### Committee Updates

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- close on CFP in review (thanks Bart!)
- keynote confirmations (Megan and Allison) are underway

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (everyone) Submit Track Labels, everyone please look in your email.
- [TODO] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] test out OSEM instance and prepare for CFP
- [TODO] figure out how to support pre-recorded talks
- [TODO] standing up and noting issues with current instance, https://osem.seagl.org
- [TODO] (Rachel) Grant Nathan full OSEM admin access

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] launch CFP

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- two other meetings
- commo with TXLF and OLF
- Lucy has access to twitter account and can post about name the seagull competition
- diaspora might be able to read/write with both twitter and Mastodon

- See also [connect/federate social accounts](https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/129â€‹)

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] (Hans) organize cross-committee outreach meeting for next week, results here http://whenisgood.net/jys3wg7/results/t8sj82k
  - tomorrow at 17:00 or 17:30 or Friday at 16:30
    - Wednesday at 17:00
  - uberconference or BBB?
    - FSF BBB
- [In-Progress] (Hans) schedule another PR and Outreach committee meeting, results here http://whenisgood.net/cd5fj5f/results/24fweny
  - tomorrow during not cross-committee mtg and 2 weeks from tomorrow using BBB
- [TODO] (Hans) look at sticker pack examples and create description
- [TODO] create press kit for press, assistance welcome
- [TODO] create press kit community groups, assistance welcome
- [DONE] create ambassadors email template with Lucy (https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions)
- [TODO] (Lucy) create contest to name inflatable seagull, should be gender neutral
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
    - http://www.antibes.co.uk/inflatables/ok/E1851897724.htm
- [TODO] plan badge/schedule that people can print and customize to build creativity and self identification
- [TODO] (Salt) share mastadon credentials
- [TODO] talk to OLF and LFNW about working together (moved from finance)
  - responded to TXLF
  - reached out to OLF

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing )

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] update sponsor prospectus for virtual conference, due next Mon - Review if you have access!
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_sSDvbubeDRnW-bakyaG5R7BLrSRrHAdo4th7xgviIE/edit
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [In-Progress] create sponsor reach-out email template
- [In-Progress] Finalize 2019 cash log
- [TODO] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [MOVED] talk to OLF and LFNW about working together
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] Hans will CC nhandler@seagl.org and Outreach and follow-up on email thread

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376 )
- [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0 )
- [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf )
- [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf )

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)
- still need a chair
- Rachel says we can use OSEM as it stands and help speakers use it

##### Email and group alias audit

##### OSEM (Andrew)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [TODO] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [TODO] (Deb) Ask Lance if we could host our stuff at OSU/OSL in a slow seep, no rush excpet for the new instance, cc Andew as soon as there is positive interest -- Lance says "I'm sure we can! The best place to start is by filling this form out: https://osuosl.org/request-hosting/" -- what's the best email for Andrew? 
    - andrew at seagl
- [TODO] (Salt) follow-up with deb about OSUOSL hosting

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion](https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643 )

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- Will we be having registration this year?
- Should the help desk + registration be all on slack/chat, or also have a video 'room'?

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Lucy + der.hans) Write email template recruiting volunteers
- [TODO] Ask Lisa about folks to recruit volunteers from

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- Volunteer signup sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- Volunteer descriptions + email templates: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions
---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 3 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] work with Hans to get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- [TODO] (Salt) ping about starting to use stuff for weeklys

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] brainstorm hallway track ideas, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
- [TODO] connect with Hans about restaraunt associations
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- [TODO] (Deb) Ask Lance if we could host our stuff at OSU/OSL in a slow seep, no rush excpet for the new instance, cc Andew as soon as there is positive interest

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- hallway track brainstorming, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Deb) investigate live transcription, including cost, Deb has asked a diversity in FOSS list for leads, will report back
- [TODO] talk to Ian about *recorded* talks with Q/A, Deb asked Ian, will report back 
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [hallway track possibility from der.hans](https://qiqochat.com/about )

---

#### Impresario (Salt)

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] send email about tech selection list
- [DONE] put together meta chair meeting I feel like we can call this done? Sweet.
    - Still working on this
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs
    - Website & Technical
    - Finance & Fundraising
    - Promotion & Outreach
    - Logistics & On"Site"
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how thier committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] (chairs) respond to email for chair meeting
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- email seagl2020@seagl.org to reach [2020 org mailinglist](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/ )

---


<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 24 hours of the meeting) -->

### Rob resignation
- limited number of email addresses available on the account

### State of the Source Summit (and any other CFPs/Virtual Conferences
- https://opensource.org/StateOfTheSource (CfP closes Thursday)
- ActiviyPub conf CfP closes Thursday - https://conf.activitypub.rocks//


---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- CFP is Open - Thursday or Friday
- Something about Black Diversity for CFP - Thursday or Friday next week
- SeaGL Theme, Monday 7/13, Salt
- Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
- Name the SeaGL seagull competition ðŸ¦†

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- First contact for Sponsors: Mid of July
- CFP: Beginning of July until mid-August
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: week before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, July 13 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.07.13
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Hans: went well, good conversation, thank you Rob
- Rob: thanks for everything over the years, everyone's doing amazing things for the conference, look forward to seeing how it progresses
- Rachel: thanks for everything, feeling good, big deliverables coming up for programming
- Lucy: feeling good about this week, taking mondays off is the best...
- Meagan: going to be checking in with Alice and confirming speech length requirements
- Andrew: not much, going to look into mastadon/twitter cross posting


<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (D) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list
    (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank
    (G) update link in calendar (H) clear authorship colors
-->


