<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/ -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# 2020-06-29 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- June 29th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:

    - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200622-allhands.md

- Attending: der.hans Nathan, Deb, Andrew, Rachel, Salt, Bart, Lyz


<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Nathan

## Metrics
- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- format is <!-- Timebox: 10 minutes (until hh:mm) -->
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Facilitation by topic
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Deb: weekly meetings can feel like a lot, just make sure to add your notes and read minutes over after on weeks you can't make it
- M. Guiney: nice to know about voting on theme
- Nathan: would like to have more balancing of committee updates, less time on front matter, less rushing of committee updates
- Hans: good to see progress from other committees and hear from everyone
- JS: fundamental decisions about virtual that need to be made before going forward, start using tools instead of phone call, decisions that matter for each other seem to be split across commitees
- Keith: picking a tool and using them for meetings is a great idea


<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda <!-- Timebox: xx minutes (until hh:mm) -->


<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 24 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->


---

### Committee Updates

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- Keynote Update
    - first acceptance!  Vicky Brasseur!!!
- (URGENT) OSEM Testing!!!
    - does it make senes to configure new version?
    - maybe not - we are at the head of development at this point!
    - Lot of progress made on upstream osem development
    - Lot of work has been done around migrating data to make upgrading possible, but highly skeptical and not recommended that we upgrade after opening the CFP
    - upstream OSEM is not stable, there has not been a stable release in several years?
- Bart is working on CFP, reformatting in exciting ways, stay tuned :)
- We will have a minimum of 2 experienced and 2 less experienced keynotes
- Blog post later on the why of our keynote decisions, specifically why we do experienced/less-experienced

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (everyone) Submit Track Labels, everyone please look in your email.
- [TODO] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] test out OSEM instance and prepare for CFP
- [TODO] figure out how to support pre-recorded talks

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] standing up and noting issues with current instance, https://osem.seagl.org
- [TODO] (Rachel) Grant Nathan full OSEM admin access

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- If you are doing anything exciting in your committee, think if it can be turned into a blog post to let people know about us
- Communicate if you need help writing and so we can coordinate to space out blog posts while making sure time sensitive stuff gets out
- Suggestion, to supply microphones to folks who need it, since they are so difficult to get right now.

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] (Hans) organize cross-committee outreach meeting for next week, results here http://whenisgood.net/jys3wg7/results/t8sj82k
    - Please fill this out if you are a chair so we can schedule this 30 minute meeting
- [In-Progress] (Hans) schedule another PR and Outreach committee meeting, results here http://whenisgood.net/cd5fj5f/results/24fweny
    - If you want to help with PR/Outreach, fill out the poll
- [TODO] (Hans) look at sticker pack examples and create description
    - Not much progress
- [TODO] create press kit for press, assistance welcome
    - Still need to discuss
- [TODO] create press kit community groups, assistance welcome
- [TODO] create ambassadors email template with Lucy
- [TODO] create contest to name inflatable seagull, should be gender neutral
    - Need to start doing contest
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
    - Someone posted link on purchasing inflatable seagull from UK
    - http://www.antibes.co.uk/inflatables/ok/E1851897724.htm
- [TODO] plan badge/schedule that people can print and customize to build creativity and self identification
- [TODO] (Salt) share mastadon credentials

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing )

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] update sponsor prospectus for virtual conference, due next Mon - Review if you have access!
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_sSDvbubeDRnW-bakyaG5R7BLrSRrHAdo4th7xgviIE/edit
    - Rachel pointed out that we should remove the address since we are virtual
    - Salt said we should still recognize/thank SFC
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [In-Progress] create sponsor reach-out email template
- [In-Progress] Finalize 2019 cash log
    - Salt unblocked this
- [TODO] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [TODO] talk to OLF and LFNW about working together
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
    - [incoming] in kind sponsorship offer for AV support
    - Unsolicited offer via email for fancy cameras/backgrounds
    - Might be some confusion about who/what we are
    - Likely not free software
    - Maybe look into shipping equipment to speakers who don't have streaming setups (since webcams are impossible to buy).
    - Might also help with pre-recorded talks

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] Hans will CC nhandler@seagl.org and Outreach and follow-up on email thread

##### Important Links
- [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376 )
- [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0 )
- [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf )
- [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf )

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)
- Still seeking a chair
- We should likely setup a meeting discussing the future of the tech team groups

##### Email and group alias audit
- Audit still coming
- 2020 Org list configured and email was sent today to just this list
- Send people this list if they are interested in helping with SeaGL 2020

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- Probably will have time next weekend. If more urgent issues arise with the current OSEM instance I can switch to those instead.
- WIP is shared here, for anyone who wants to take a look: https://github.com/AndrewKvalheim/osem/tree/trial
- Where/how should we eventually host the new version of OSEM? AWS?

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Salt) check seagl2020org list restrictions, should be visible to members only, but allow requests for access from external orgs
    - https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/
    - to send, seagl2020@seagl.org
- [TODO] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [DONE] (Salt) check if BBB can support a default image/slide between talks
    - room host can have a default slide
- [TODO] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Deb) Ask Lance if we could host our stuff at OSU/OSL in a slow seep, no rush excpet for the new instance, cc Andew as soon as there is positive interest

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion](https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643 )

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- Apologies from Lucy
- Keep brainstorming volunteer needs

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (everyone) brainstorm volunteer needs, especially day-of now that virtual, assume parallel tracks
    - "support" people at the tables to answer questions
    - "host" type folks to help introduce people to each other. 
    - help getting out to partner organizations to tell the seagl story. 
    - choice of format will change which volunteers you need on the day of event. 
    - at least 2 volunteers for each talk (1 for facilitation, time keeping, q/a and 1 for tech [muting, screenshare...])
    - note that slush.org has 10% of the attendees as "volunteers" who facilitate people getting to where they need
- [TODO] consider who else to recruit for "core" team now that we are all virtual
- [TODO] (Lucy + der.hans) Write email template recruiting volunteers
- [TODO] Ask Lisa about folks to recruit volunteers from

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 3 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] work with Hans to get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- [TODO] (Salt) ping about starting to use stuff for weeklys
    - Potentially as soon as next week

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] brainstorm hallway track ideas, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
  - Avoid having too many tools for similar purposes
- [TODO] connect with Hans about restaraunt associations
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Deb) Ask Lance if we could host our stuff at OSU/OSL in a slow seep, no rush excpet for the new instance, cc Andew as soon as there is positive interest

##### Important Links
- hallway track brainstorming, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Deb) investigate live transcription, including cost
    - Still TODOing
- [TODO] talk to Ian about *recorded* talks with Q/A
    - after we test some things and understand we should invite Ian back in 
    - FSF has offered us their tech
    - Technical volunteer and liason/programmatic volunteer for each talk/session
    - Where is video hosted/linking for recorded talks
    - private Media Goblin?
- [TODO] review JS's list
    - still have more

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [hallway track possibility from der.hans](https://qiqochat.com/about )

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- This is now a committee with one person, but might have more people in future

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] put together meta chair meeting
    - Still working on this
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs
    - Website & Technical
    - Finance & Fundraising
    - Promotion & Outreach
    - Logistics & On"Site"
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track
    - These all need extra hands, but if people know of more or think we are good with one of these, please speak up
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
    - Working on this
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
    - This is all in the domain description doc
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
    - [TODO] (Salt) Fill this out for Impressario committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how thier committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] (chairs) respond to email for chair meeting
- [TODO] send email about tech selection list
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

---

### Year eight theme (Salt)
- [DONE] (Salt) create and send out new run-off poll
- Run-off between: OSI Layer 8, Octave, 8 Bits in a Byte
- https://star.vote/seagl20themefin/
- 7 votes. OSI Layer 8 is the winner.
- Want to get a blog post about this out

### Statement supporting BLM and re-affirming our commitment to social justice (Salt)
- reminder, we have a statement out: https://seagl.org/news/2020/06/12/black-lives-matter.html
    - This is up and can be pointed to/linked to
- there were some tensions raised with the posting process
- it appears to have been caused a cascading failure of misunderstandings
- we are going to try a few things to tighten up communication and workflow to avoid these in the future
    1) added a new section at the bottom of the meeting template that collects all upcoming blog posts
        - Add all blog posts here even if they are thought of and posted between meetings so we have a reference for next year
        - Don't need approval for all blog posts, but essential for political and cross-committee posts
    2) if there are any conversations that happen about PRs, that are more than surface level, a comment should be left
        - This is referring to conversations that happen on IRC/Meeting/Phone
    3) when reviewers make edits, should add note whether it is a suggestion or "dealbreaker" (e.g. needs approval)
    4) create a list of contact info for committee chairs
        - Deciding if we want this in Google Drive Keepass, or somethign else?
        - Email, Phone, Timezone, preferred communication method for chairs
- in general, the default is "if you don't hear from someone" go ahead and post
- however, if the content is politically sensative, especially if relevant to multiple committees, make sure to check in and/or bring it to a meeting

- [DONE] (Salt) follow-up email with Rachel and Deb


<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 24 hours of the meeting) -->


---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- CFP is Open
- Something about Black Diversity for CFP
- SeaGL Theme
- Keynote Introductions/Announcements
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- First contact for Sponsors: ~~Mid~~ Beginning of July
- CFP open: ~~Beginning of July until mid-August
- CFP close: Mid August
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, July 6 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.07.06
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Nathan: meeting felt like we made more progress, faster, maybe due to swapped order
- Andrew: don't have much to say, ran how it should
- Rachel: feeling good, felt super productive, excited about blog post section, will comb through
- Deb: went well, good to mix it up, got to everything

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (D) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list
    (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank
    (G) update link in calendar (H) clear authorship colors
-->


