<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-08-10 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- August 10th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Jitsi
- We are going to try Jitsi for the meeting, no invitation or account is required.
- Jitsi URL: https://jitsi.member.fsf.org/seagl_2020.08.10
- Jitsi Password: seagl2020

## UberConference
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200803-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: der.hans Nathan, Andrew, Ben, Salt, Deb, Rachel, Keith
- Current: Salt, Andrew, Nathan, der.hans, Rachel, Deb, Lucy, Keith
- Apologies: 


<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Lucy

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 1 -> 2
- Talks Submitted: 6 -> 15
- Ambassadors: 8 -> 9
- Sponsors: ??
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??
- Speakers Submitted: ??

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Deb: Last week seemed fine, nice to hear from everyone
- Keith: Meeting went well, looking into BBB-?? integration, didn't find much. Inexperienced with grassroots virtual conferences, regret missing HOPE.
- Ben: A++, would meet again. Filling out Kanboard with blog post tasks.
- Salt: Good to have familiar faces here and get through a meeting, thanks to everyone. Appreciate the Kanban board.
- Andrew: Busy typing.
- Rachel: Glad that the program is on it's wheels.
- Hans: Good use of Etherpad chat. Good to see things moving forward, let's continue with CFPs.
- Nathan: Go team!


<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->


## Current Agenda

---

### Committee Updates

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- CFP is moving: 15 submissions, 2 confirmed keynotes (woohoo) - Kathy Giori confirmed
- Honoraria: We announced it, and pretty much immediately were (kindly) notified that it might not be legal to benefit one group over another due to race
    - Rachel took the blog post down (unposted, still in Github) then asked the FSF. Hasn't heard back as of yet.
    - Could we potentially make it for everyone, and just strongly discourage non-BIPOC people to accept it?
    - Outreachy had a similar issue around internships. They solved it by saying "Our goal is to have underrepresented people in tech. Write 2-3 sentences about why/how you're underrepped. Then they aware honoraria"
    - Here's the Outreachy Eligibility language, https://www.outreachy.org/docs/applicant/#eligibility
        - "Anyone who faces systemic bias or discrimination in the technology industry of their country is invited to apply."
        - https://libreplanet.org/2014/scholarships/?pk_campaign=LP-scholarships
        - Anyone could say anything, and it was up to Outreachy to decide who to give to
    - We could make a general statement, and then choose and award a certain number of honoraria
    - Wording: "Inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement, ..."
    - If we make it general and not for a specific protected group of people might be ok? We should really talk to a lawyer ðŸ˜¬
    - Wording: "One of the goals of our program is to promote diversity..." for FSF Travel scholarship

##### Reminders
- Office hours, Wednesdays at noon in #seagl on freenode (Everyone is welcome! Not just programming)
- Please volunteer for a shift or two for SeaGL office hours, Wednesdays 12pm PDT
    - [office hours signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/SS4ZA6FfT6Y3ygL
- Please share CFP on your channels! Particularly to folks who wouldn't usually travel, or otherwise remote folks
- Personally invite 2-5 people to submit talks to the CFP (or 15, go you!)

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Salt) coordinate fix for OSEM 500 errors
- [DONE] (Andrew) contact people who hit 500 errors
- [DONE] blog post on honoraria for BIPOC speakers
- [In-Progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] eventually do a run through of pre-recorded talks

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] Talk to FSF / lawyer folk about what we can do about the Honoraria. "Will you ok this language?" instead of "Will you write me language?" may be better.
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year
- [TODO] (everyone) Promote CFP! (I, Lucy, need to do this)

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- LAS partnership
- KDE community
- Ambassadors
- In IRC talked to 'sri' works on Linux application summits - talked about collaboration
- Co-promote and do social events together
- With Ben's help blog post with initiative

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Hans) look at sticker pack examples and create description
- [TODO] create press kit for press, assistance welcome
- [TODO] create press kit community groups, assistance welcome
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
    - http://www.antibes.co.uk/inflatables/ok/E1851897724.htm
- [TODO] plan badge/schedule that people can print and customize to build creativity and self identification
- [TODO] post and promo for ambassadors initiative
- [TODO] create schedule of topic/pin update verifications
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [TODO] theme blog post
- [TODO] (Nathan) Post CFP to Announce google group list.  Nathan will draft
- [DONE] blog post about SeaGL2020@ to ambassadors - https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/8sqgJb5zLkwAtff
- [TODO] promote SeaGL2020@
- [TODO] (Hans) bring in new blog posts from promo mtg
- [TODO] (Deb and Hans) talk to Indeed about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) confirm that self-subscription works for ambasador lists
- [TODO] (Der) Put up PR for blog post

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing
- [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
- [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- 2019 almost closed out
- Honorarium movement forward? Emailed FSF about legal ramifications, no response, do we have any other contacts there
- Everything but bill for Sole Repair taken care of
- Prospectus is DONE!
- What do we need to pay for?
    - Foundational, rather than like specific "This will go to ABC"


##### Sponsor Prospectus update
- https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] update sponsor prospectus for virtual conference, due next Mon ( https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf )
    - Review if you have access!
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_sSDvbubeDRnW-bakyaG5R7BLrSRrHAdo4th7xgviIE/edit
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [In-Progress] create sponsor reach-out email template
- [In-Progress] Finalize 2019 cash log
- [TODO] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] Hans will CC nhandler@seagl.org and Outreach and follow-up on email thread
- [TODO] add $50 x 20 BIPOC honoraria to budget, increase to $100 with sponsorship
- [DONE] mail finished prospectus to staff@
- [TODO] reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
- [TODO] take over payments to the physical storage rental space
- [TODO] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [DONE] follow up with Marie @ RH about sponsorship (Salt)
- [TODO] follow up with Indeed on captioning sponsorship (Deb and Hans)
- [TODO] (Lucy) Ask Puppet and New Relic for $$$

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)
- Not obvious on front page that we're remote, according to one potential speaker 

##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)
- In contact with Lance, waiting on Trello board to be setup

##### Email and group alias audit
- No update

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- Changed: After registration, show the home page (which promotes the CFP) instead of the account settings screen.
- Try to set up some error monitoring
- Registration issue will probably keep happening as long as we keep using gsuite

    - potentially have an auto weekly send to avoid timeout


##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Andrew) Investigate problems with outgoing email from OSEM.
- [BUMP] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [BUMP] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [DONE] Salt will make sure Nathan gets access to the Google "announce" group for telling them about the CFP
- [BUMP] change social account logins to use the social@seagl.org address
- [BUMP] let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too.

##### New TODOs
- [DONE] (Andrew) make it obvious that we are online

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- No updates

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-progress] Naming contest with bracket syle tournament, whoo!
- [TODO] Ask Lisa about folks to recruit volunteers from

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Lucy) Continue running Seagull naming contest
- [TODO] (Lucy) Reach out to list of email lists about CFP + volunteer opportunities

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)
- 

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 3 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] work with Hans to get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- [BUMP] (Salt) reach out and see what tasks are on plate

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)
- No big updates
- Tested out Jitsi...probably not up to stuff
- Feel free to put things on the brainstorming page if you think of anything!

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] connect with Hans about restaraunt associations
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] test irc/jitsi integration solution, https://github.com/kiwiirc/plugin-conference

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- Also happy to test hallway track tech anytime
- Contacted white glove (coat?) captioning, haven't heard back
- Has used hopin.to (and Alison has too, might be good source)
- Likes trying new tech for our meetings to see how it is

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In Progress] (Deb) investigate live transcription, including cost, I've asked GNOME about how the captioning went at GUADEC, asked for an intro if they were happy 
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social 
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [TODO] (Hans) recap of experience from attending HOPE and GUADEC

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- 

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs
    - Website & Technical
    - Finance & Fundraising
    - Promotion & Outreach
    - Logistics & On"Site"
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how thier committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/

---

<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 24 hours of the meeting) -->


---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [x] Honoraria for BIPOC speakers and why for CFP - Wednesday, 8/5
- [ ] SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
- [ ] Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
- [ ] (Lucy) Name the SeaGL seagull competition ðŸ¦†, by end of week so week to submit ideas
    - [x] Send pics of folks on the inflatable seagull to Lucy! Thanks folks, GREAT pics! :)
- [ ] Highlight the hours that the conference takes place on social
- [ ] Remind about Office Hours (Hans)
- [ ] announce ambassadors initiative (Hans)
- [ ] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [ ] Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers
- [ ] Call for volunteers

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: week before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, August 17 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.08.17
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->


## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Deb: Great meeting, line number call outs are great, excited about keynotes
- Andrew: Neutral to good impression of most things, got some stuff to do
- Keith: Curious about honoraria resolution, all good
- Rachel: Worried about Honoraria, working on revised draft now
- Nathan: Excited about keynotes, seeing jump in CFP, not into Jitsi
- Lucy: Snappy meetings ftw!
- Der.hans: Got snagged on honoraria, glad we have a plan. Lots happened this week! Excited about progress
- Salt: Good meeting, nice to see things come together

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->
