<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/ -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# 2020-07-13 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- July 13th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

- Big Blue Button
  - We are going to try BBB for the meeting, everyone should have received an invitation. If not, please let Salt know ASAP and he'll look into it.
  - BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
  - BBB access code: 525659

- UberConference
  - Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
  - UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc

- Minutes from last meeting:
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200706-allhands.md

- Attending: der.hans, Andrew, Deb, Rachel, Salt, Lucy, Nathan


<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Deb

## Metrics
- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- format is <!-- Timebox: 10 minutes (until hh:mm) -->
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Facilitation by topic
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Hans: went well, good conversation, thank you Rob
- Rob: thanks for everything over the years, everyone's doing amazing things for the conference, look forward to seeing how it progresses
- Rachel: thanks for everything, feeling good, big deliverables coming up for programming
- Lucy: feeling good about this week, taking mondays off is the best...
- Meagan: going to be checking in with Alice and confirming speech length requirements
- Andrew: not much, going to look into mastadon/twitter cross posting


<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda <!-- Timebox: xx minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 24 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->


---

### Committee Updates

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (everyone) Submit Track Labels, everyone please look in your email.
    - Performance art track/label added
- [TODO] get confirmations from keynotes
    - have we sent less exp invites out yet?
    - Not yet, but soon
- [DONE] test out OSEM instance and prepare for CFP
- [DONE] figure out how to support pre-recorded talks
    - Ian says yes! 
- [TODO] standing up and noting issues with current instance, https://osem.seagl.org
- [DONE] (Rachel) Grant Nathan full OSEM admin access
- [DONE] Code of Practice blog post
    - https://seagl.org/news/2020/07/13/code_of_practice.html

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] add tracks/labels to OSEM in order to pub CFP post
- [TODO] launch CFP
- [TODO] send invites to less exp keynotes
- [TODO] eventually do a run through of pre-recorded talks
- [TODO] consider outsourced tracks at the Program committee meeting this week
    - Salt told GNOME and Postgresql that if they want to do this, they need to attend organizer meetings and not create more work for SeaGL
    - These orgs probably have money and staff
    - SCaLE does these rooms
    - We might be more willing to train up a more volunteer org on how to run a track

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- Created social@seagl.org, https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social (Salt)
- Created SeaGl seagull naming contest and posted to twitter (Lucy)
- Posted naming contest to Mastodon (Hans)
- Contacted tech journalist/editor about help with press kits (Hans)
- Added volunteer positions to volunteer sheet (Hans)
- Added local co-chair for committee to volunteer sheet (Hans)
- Sent welcome to SeaGL Ambassadors kickoff email (Hans)
- Sent initial announcements mail to the SeaGL Ambassadors list (Hans)
- [Calendar] Next Promo and Outreach committee meeting a week from Tuesday at 17:00
    - Via Big Blue Button! Hans has own instance, let him know if you want to use it
- Looking for a writer, documentarian sort of person, would that person contact Hans? 

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Hans) organize cross-committee outreach meeting
- [DONE] (Hans) schedule another PR and Outreach committee meeting
    - next meeting a week from Tuesday on the 21st at 17:00
- [TODO] (Hans) look at sticker pack examples and create description
- [TODO] create press kit for press, assistance welcome
- [TODO] create press kit community groups, assistance welcome
- [DONE] (Lucy ðŸ™Œ) create contest to name inflatable seagull, should be gender neutral
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
    - http://www.antibes.co.uk/inflatables/ok/E1851897724.htm
- [TODO] plan badge/schedule that people can print and customize to build creativity and self identification
- [DONE] (Salt) share mastadon credentials
- [DONE] talk to OLF and LFNW about working together

##### New TODOs
- [DONE] (Salt) find Ambassador's list invite link
    - https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing )

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- BIPOC honoraria is $50-100, to be decided after sponsorship

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] update sponsor prospectus for virtual conference, due next Mon
    - Review if you have access!
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_sSDvbubeDRnW-bakyaG5R7BLrSRrHAdo4th7xgviIE/edit
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [In-Progress] create sponsor reach-out email template
- [In-Progress] Finalize 2019 cash log
- [TODO] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] Hans will CC nhandler@seagl.org and Outreach and follow-up on email thread

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376 )
- [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0 )
- [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf )
- [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf )

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- Updates to proposal form:
    - Added:
        - "I am local to the Pacific Northwest" (SeaGL/osem#23)
    - Completed (now editable):
        - "I identify as a member of a group that is historically under-represented in technology" (SeaGL/osem#7)
        - "This will be my first time speaking at a conference" (SeaGL/osem#8)
- How do you want to use/access the new PNW data?
    - database dump
    - pie chart

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [TODO] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
    - No progress

##### New TODOs
- [DONE] (Salt) follow-up with deb about OSUOSL hosting
- [DONE] (Andrew) look into Mastodon/Twitter cross-posting
    - Candidate: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster (Rails + Redis + PostgreSQL)
    - Self-hostable
    - Maintainer is operating an instance available for public use
    - cross post elsewhere as well, e.g. facebook?
    - probably too heavy for just one organization
- [TODO] (Salt) submit request for OSUOSL hosting, https://osuosl.org/request-hosting/
    - A general OSUOSL-hosted instance of renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster might be a good idea.
- [DONE] Link to Mastodon profile from website.
- [TODO] look into osem seagl email notices

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion](https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643 )

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- Before I forget weekly osem@seagl.org security alert
    - Hmm. What is this account used for? Please forward to SRE@seagl.org, thanks Lucy!

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Ask Lisa about folks to recruit volunteers from
- [TODO] Review + finalize volunteer descriptions
    - Finishing up and getting ready to send
- [TODO] Naming contest with bracket syle tournament, whoo!

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] Figure out the logistics of a "live" registration/info

##### Important Links
- Volunteer signup sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- Volunteer descriptions + email templates: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 3 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] work with Hans to get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- [DONE] (Salt) ping about starting to use stuff for weeklys

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] brainstorm hallway track ideas, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
- [TODO] connect with Hans about restaraunt associations
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- [DONE] (Deb) Ask Lance if we could host our stuff at OSU/OSL in a slow seep, no rush excpet for the new instance, cc Andew as soon as there is positive interest

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- hallway track brainstorming, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)

##### Previous TODOs
- [In Progress] (Deb) investigate live transcription, including cost, Deb has asked a diversity in FOSS list for leads, will report back
    - lots of proprietary solutions, won't work
    - live solution, need to price White Coat Captioning
- [DONE] talk to Ian about *recorded* talks with Q/A, Deb asked Ian, will report back 
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social 

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [hallway track possibility from der.hans](https://qiqochat.com/about )

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- cross chair meeting occurred

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs
    - Website & Technical
    - Finance & Fundraising
    - Promotion & Outreach
    - Logistics & On"Site"
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how thier committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [DONE] (chairs) respond to email for chair meeting
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- email seagl2020@seagl.org to reach [2020 org mailinglist](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/ )

---

<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 24 hours of the meeting) -->


---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- CFP is Open - Thursday or Friday
- Something about Black Diversity for CFP - Monday/Tuesday next week, week after CFP
- SeaGL Theme, Friday week of 7/13, Salt
- Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
- Name the SeaGL seagull competition ðŸ¦†, by end of week so week to submit ideas
    - send pics of folks on the inflatable seagull to Lucy!

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- First contact for Sponsors: Mid of July
- CFP: Middle of July until mid-August
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: week before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, July 20 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.07.20
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Lucy, raised spirits, thanks everyone
- Deb, appreciate meeting, feel good about collab, lot to do with 1-time chair meeting
- Nathan, rocky start but better towards end, nice to see progress
- Hans, today went well, ... (not entering that pun) LOL
- Rachel, meeting so good, optimistic about BBB and program being up
- Andrew, not much to say, things going well

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (D) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list
    (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank
    (G) update link in calendar (H) clear authorship colors
-->


