<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/ -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# 2020-06-08 SeaGL Bi-Weekly All-Hands

- June 8th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200525-allhands.md
- Attending: Nathan, Hans, Rachel, Salt, Keith, Lucy, Deb


<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker

- Deb

## Metrics

- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits

- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Conversation queuing

- three discussion mechanisms: hand symbols (below), call for a round (talkingstick passing, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped), open discussion
- "o/" or "/" means that you have something to say and want to be put in the queue
- "c/" or "?" means that you have a clarifying question and want to jump to the top of the queue
- "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
-  ">" as an indicator of understanding someone and the point can be concluded, please move on

### Notetaking

- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback

- (Hans) missing some people due to holiday, lots of stuff to get done
- (Rachel) program meeting doing well, tidier meeting tonight
- (Romeo) excited to work on blog post and recording stuff
- (Andrew) not much to add, slowly but surely making progress
- (Jeff) looking forward to talking to recruiters about fundraising

<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda

I know this was added late but it feels important:

### How can we be an anti-racist conference? How can we promote diversity in our speakers, volunteers, and attendees? (Lucy)

- can we make a short statement expressing support for #BlackLivesMatter and our black community members specifically?
    - Some statements are better than others....many ring hollow
    - We should commit to something concrete
    - We should have more budget due to venue, could offer stipend / scholarship for speakers who are not white
    - https://www.benjerry.com/about-us/media-center/dismantle-white-supremacy was one statement I thought was great + specific
    - work with broader, national & international advocacy groups 
- Who do we advertise and promote to? Lucy knows of some groups in PDX: Urban League PDX, Blacks in Tech PDX + SEA, Black women in STEM, Black Girls Code
- Ensure we acknowledge that we're a mostly white-led conference
- More outreach to non-Seattle / PNW folks
- Non-english tracks!!!!!!!!!!!! WOW
    - Having the website be multilingual might be a good place to start
    - Ooo yes or 'chat rooms' for other langs
    - consideration of evaluation of a non-english talk is a bigger deal
    - Transcriptions or live signing, closed captioning to reach hearing impaired folks would help us expand our reach and include more folks
    - Closed captioning / Transcriptions or real time signing - See who 'DonutJS' uses? Might be a good starting place
- Covering topics around incarceration? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNBsrLzHVgM
- This is "From Prison to Python" - Shadeed Wallace-Stepter (North Bay Python 2019)

- [TODO] Draft a statement in an etherpad, date (this Friday?) by which it goes out
- [TODO] Committee chairs determine how they can promote anti-racism at SeaGL

<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 48 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->

### Org Structure

- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (committee chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee

- **Important Links**
    - [domain description etherpad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

---

### Committee Updates

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)

- organizers mailing list? staff@seagl.org and seagl_organize@googlegroups.com
- non-English presentations?

- [In-Progress] (Hans) organize cross-committee outreach meeting for next week
- [TODO] (Hans) look at sticker pack examples and create description
- [TODO] create press kit for press
- [TODO] create press kit community groups
- [DONE] redo logo with headphones and laptop or otherwise indicating virtual conference - thanks Lucy!!!
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/blob/92ba8f67957e5bf93dcde23286dfeb3e4b8abe38/img/seagl-logo-with-headphones.svg
- [TODO] create ambassadors email template with Lucy

- **Important Links**
    - [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing )

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)

- [In-Progress] update sponsor prospectus for virtual conference, due next Mon
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [TODO] (Salt) Finalize 2019 cash log
- [TODO] (Salt) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [TODO] (Salt) put together meta chair meeting
- [TODO] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [TODO] create sponsor reach-out email template
- [TODO] talk to OLF and LFNW about working together

- **Important Links**
    - [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376 )
    - [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0 )
    - [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf )
    - [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf )

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)

- [TODO] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
    - (Rob) - I filled this out with my view, however others can adjust
- [DONE] allow adding non-seagl email to ambassadors list
- [TODO] add Ian to techselection
    - (Rob) - Happy to do it, what's the email specifically to add?
- [DONE] get der.hans GH access
- [TODO] create SeaGL 2020 Org mailinglist

##### OSEM (Andrew)

- [TODO] email sre@ and specifically ping Rob, Adam, Lucy, and Rachel
    - Emailed SRE, no response, but haven't chased down individuals.
    - I specifically want to know of any concerns, policies etc. regarding handling of the production data before just doing something on my own.
    - (Rob) I responded with options. We should treat the data as protected and try to limit it's spread outside of our org, however spinning up a test instance should be fine, as long as we can be sure the data is destroyed at the end of it.

- **Important Links**
    - [Remote Conference Support Discusion](https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643 )

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)

- [TODO] (everyone) brainstorm volunteer needs, especially day-of now that virtual
    - Ian said we'd want a tech person and a question handler for each room - awesome!
- [TODO] consider who else to recruit for "core" team now that we are all virtual
    - Alison Yu might have opinions on "virtual  booths" for sponsors
- [TODO] (Lucy + der.hans) Write email template recruiting volunteers
- [DONE] seek rails volunteers for OSEM project

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)

- [TODO] (everyone) Vote on Keynotes
    - Newer: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1iZ8resdvuwuOdYL5960I6rOPHYh4WOL8QkWhjYCqudg/
    - More exp: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1HlghzWBxHrj2LMoJ1Dj4wk45MOmjF_R260fX53XA9Hw/
- [TODO] (everyone) Submit Track Labels, everyone please look in your email. 

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 3 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] work with Hans to get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

---

#### Food/Drink & Afterparty (Keith, ??)

- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
    - Consider reaching out to Molly de Blanc for ideas too?
    - Everyone might need to think about this
- [TODO] organize hallway track/how to social at the conference email thread, etherpad, and follow-up call/meeting, change this to the focus of this committee
    - think about this as FUN rather than professional networking
- [TODO] connect with Hans about restaraunt associations

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)

- [TODO] (Deb) investigate live transcription, including cost
    - DonutJS does great live transcription, they might be good folks to reach out to if you need a place to start! They hire from a company that does it.
    - Ooh, thanks!

- **Important Links**
    - https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
    - https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
    - [hallway track possibility from der.hans](https://qiqochat.com/about )

##### SCC Update (Lisa)

---

### Year eight theme (Salt)

- Growing list of ideas
    - pieces of 8, Deb
    - ~~year of the spider~~
    - inifinity
    - ~~lucky in china~~
    - eight ball, Deb
    - octopus, Rachel
    - free software cubed
    - ~~crazy eights: "Crazy: eight years of SeaGL!"~~~~
    - 8 wires in ethernet/cat5
    - octagon, "stop in the name of FOSS", Deb, Rachel
    - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_octagonal_buildings_and_structures
    - eight days a week... is not enough to show I care ...about FOSS!, Deb
    - 8 wonders of the Free Software world
    - Eight bits in a byte: 'Have a byte of free software', Rachel, Lucy, Rob
    - 8 mile-s of FOSS: 'Lose yourself in free software'
    - Octave: 'A harmonious year for FOSS' - Lucy, Deb
    - 8 track Lucy
    - OSI level/layer 8, Freeing the People!!! - Rachel, Salt, Nathan


- [TODO] (Salt) create poll for selection by Friday

### MISC


<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 48 hours of the meeting) -->


<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->


## Timeline

- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- Keynote voting: June 12
- Select theme: Beginning of June
- Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: Mid June
- First contact for Sponsors: Mid June
- CFP open: Mid June
- CFP close: Mid August
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- SeaGL Nov 13/14


## Next Meeting

- Monday, June 22 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.06.22
- Bi-weekly meetings through June (at least), Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round

- Lucy: enjoying alice cooper sidebar chat, like all of you, excited about what we are getting to do with the conference, these meetings are uplifting, excited about
- Deb: ditto^, really hope hallway track with inflatable segul
- Nathan: excited for DnI track
- Hans: Alice Cooper has a Covid song, looking forward to participating in social justic statement and involvement
- Rachel: SeaGL is consistent space trying to overturn exclusion
- Ehash: in awe that everyone wants to run conference with what's going on, not writing new talks during pandemic
- Keith: good to hear all these ideas and excited to be part of the execution, esp hallway


<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->
<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting: (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date (B) copy content from this pad into new one (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new (D) clear discussion notes, move TODOs to "Last meeting TODO review" (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list  (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank (G) update link in calendar -->


