<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/ -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# 2020-05-25 SeaGL Bi-Weekly All-Hands

- May 25th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200511-allhands.md
- Attending: Andrew Jeff Nathan, der.hans, Rachel, Salt, Romeo


<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker

- der.hans

## Metrics

- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits

- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Conversation queuing

- three discussion mechanisms: hand symbols (below), call for a round (talkingstick passing, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped), open discussion
- "o/" or "/" means that you have something to say and want to be put in the queue
- "c/" or "?" means that you have a clarifying question and want to jump to the top of the queue
- "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
-  ">" as an indicator of understanding someone and the point can be concluded, please move on

### Notetaking

- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback


## Last meeting TODO review

- (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- (committee chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- (Salt) Finalize 2019 cash log
- (Salt or ??) add email audit descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- (??) build team to handle transition to virtual conference (Prasket will meet with Ian)
- (Hans & Romeo & ???) Get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- (finance) update sponsor prospectus for virtual conference
- (finance) add sponsor reach-out email template to... ?
- (finance): review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [somewhat blocked by need of new prospectus] (Salt) will talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [DONE] (Rachel) begin keynote solicitation process
- (logistics/onsite) investigate live transcription
- (Lucy) consider who else to recruit for "core" team now that we are all virtual
- Outreach: create press kit for press
- Outreach: create press kit community groups
- Outreach: look at sticker pack examples and create description (Hans)
- Outreach: redo logo with headphones and laptop or otherwise indicating virtual conference
- [In-Progress] Finance: find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] Finance: start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- Finance: talk to OLF and LFNW about working together
- Web/Tech: fill out domain desc
- Volunteer: seek rails volunteers for OSEM project
- everyone: brainstorm volunteer needs, especially day-of now that virtual
- [DONE] A/V: connect Romeo and Ian (Salt)
- [In-Progress] Outreach: organize cross-committee outreach meeting for next week (Hans)
- Salt: add Ian to techselection

<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda

<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 48 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->

### Org Structure

- Important Links
    - [domain description etherpad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs)

- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs
- [TODO] each chair add

---

### Committee Updates

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- Working with other groups
    - contacted TXLF https://2020.texaslinuxfest.org/
    - contacted LFNW https://linuxfestnorthwest.org/conferences/2020
- attended FOSS responders event
    - most involved was Gnome foundation
    - how to do things for GUADEC GNOME Users And Developers European Conference 
    - would be nice to work with worldwide orgs not just regional
  
- When is Good Survey for getting involved with Outreach committee meeting
    - http://whenisgood.net/gmgghsb

- [TODO] (Salt) get der.hans GH access

- Important Links
    - [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing) - Can Lucy have access to this to upload Volunteer pamphlet?

##### Stickers (Hans or Andrew)


---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)

- [TODO] (Salt) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [TODO] (Salt) put together meta chair meeting

- Important Links
    - [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376)
    - [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0)
    - [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf)
    - [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf)

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)

- [TODO] (salt) find new chair(s)
- [TODO] (w&t) allow adding non-seagl email to ambassadors list

##### Email and group alias audit (Salt)

##### OSEM (Andrew)

- Important Links
    - [Remote Conference Support Discusion](https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643)

- Andrew has an update mostly ready for deployment
- Andrew is seeking help with setting up rails environment for testing

- Trial migration looks promising.
- Recommendations on how/where to set up a shared instance?

- [TODO] (Andrew) email sre@ and specifically ping Rob, Adam, Lucy, and Rachel

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)

- 5 members
- Keynote Update
- [ACTION] Call for staff to vote (to generate ranked list) to go out this week
- if can think of one underrepresented person, add it, keeping nominations open a bit longer until we categorize experienced/non-experienced
https://forms.gle/J9CCQsPAqb7fRcqf9
- thematic keynotes (to intro the different talk tracks)? feel free to share any other creative ideas of keeping peolpe engaged

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

- [TODO] (a/v) blogpost with Hans
- [TODO] (a/v) Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] (a/v) figure out how to have 3(or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk

---

#### Food/Drink & Afterparty (Keith, ??)

---

#### Logistics & OnSite (??, Deb)

- Important Links
    - https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
    - https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
    - [hallway track possibility from der.hans](https://qiqochat.com/about)


##### SCC Update (Lisa)

---

### Year eight theme (Salt)

- Growing list of ideas
    - pieces of 8
    - year of the spider
    - inifinity
    - lucky in china
    - eight ball
    - octopus
    - free software cubed
    - crazy eights: "Crazy: eight years of SeaGL!"
    - 8 wires in ethernet/cat5
    - octagon, "stop in the name of FOSS"
    - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_octagonal_buildings_and_structures
    - eight days a week... is not enough to show I care ...about FOSS!
    - 8 wonders of the Free Software world
    - Eight bits in a byte: 'Have a byte of free software'
    - 8 mile-s of FOSS: 'Lose yourself in free software'
    - Octave: 'A harmonious year for FOSS'
    - 8 track
    - OSI level/layer 8, Freeing the People!!!

### MISC


<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 48 hours of the meeting) -->


<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->


## Timeline

- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of May
- Keynote selection: May
- Select theme: Beginning of June
- First contact for Sponsors: Mid June
- CFP open: Mid June
- CFP close: Mid August
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## TODO items


## Next Meeting

- Monday, June 8th @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.06.08
- Bi-weekly meetings through June (at least), Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round

- (Hans) missing some people due to holiday, lots of stuff to get done
- (Rachel) program meeting doing well, tidier meeting tonight
- (Romeo) excited to work on blog post and recording stuff
- (Andrew) not much to add, slowly but surely making progress
- (Jeff) looking forward to talking to recruiters about fundraising

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->
<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting: (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date (B) copy content from this pad into new one (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new (D) clear discussion notes, move TODOs to "Last meeting TODO review" (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list  (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank (G) update link in calendar -->


