<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# 2020-04-13 SeaGL Bi-Weekly All-Hands

- April 13th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200330-allhands.md
- Attending: Andrew, der.hans, Salt, Rachel, Deb, Lucy, Lisa

<!-- Check-in round -->

<!-- Assign note taker -->
Rachel

## Metrics

- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits

- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/

### Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Conversation queuing

- three discussion mechanisms: hand symbols (below), call for a round (popcorn passing, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped), open discussion
- "o/" or "/" means that you have something to say and want to be put in the queue
- "c/" or "?" means that you have a clarifying question and want to jump to the top of the queue
- "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
-  ">" as an indicator of understanding someone and the point can be concluded, please move on

### Notetaking

- "???" on the etherpad means the notetaker missed something and needs assistance capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback

- adam: I like it! Does feel a little rushed, TBH.
- deb: hopefully we'll get better pace as we learn structure
- rachel: like external structure

## Last meeting TODO review

- [DONE] (Lisa) to start process for Nov 13/14, BPH, expo, childcare, green room, 5 tracks -- sent over request, but may need to do touch because space reservation software is reliant on fall quarter schedule being complete, need to get contract ordered, mid may for go/nogo
- (Salt) Finalize 2019 cash log
- [DONE] (Andrew) set up OSEM instance for exploration and starting data migration -- WIP; still chasing down latent bugs in upstream.
- (Salt) setup ambassadors@seagl.org
- (Prasket or Salt) add descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [DONE] (Salt) add der.hans to finance committe for now
- (Adam) add sponsor reach-out email template to... ?
- [DONE] (Deb) talk to Duane, emailed x2
- [DONE] (Salt) migrate this to alternate meeting: Set a go/no-go date for assessing Corona virus risk, at least 2 months notice would be preferred
- [DONE] (Deb) reach out to FSF folks about their decision & logistics, talked to Ian
- [DONE] (Deb) add people to FLOSS Foundations list; Keith kodi.tv, Rachel too (done), der.hans ( will email with address to use ), Oh! It looks like now you add yourselves, https://lists.freedesktop.org/mailman/listinfo/foundations
- [DONE] (Rachel and Deb) come up with things to discuss regarding virtual attendance before next all-hands, yes
- [DONE] (Lucy) add footer to blog post about interested in being involved, call out specific opportunities, coordinate with Nathan about tweets/etc PR Up: https://datastudio.google.com/u/1/reporting/1EHAuLUwvl2dMeH0YteHcZcrq5m41mCHs/page/nP0S
- (hans && ???) Get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to - backlog
- (Salt) reach out to Romeo about a/v tasks
- (Adam, Deb, Salt) reach out to at least two sponsors who have been returning, ask about their thoughts regarding everything

<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda

<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 48 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->

### Virtual Conference (Deb, Rachel)

- Rachel: for virt con, biggest consideration whether on not to go ahead, can follow examples of schools/gov mandates/etc to decide whether to cancel, for now keep moving forward unless metrics change
- getting reservation/payment much easier with college than corperate venue
- if we do more breaks and keynotes mid-day, that could help
- Lucy: we should reach out to scc about go-no/go date and cancellation fees
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- number of tracks and such, less critical for now
- in person 50-70 talks, if everything virtual, difficult to have so many tracks, may need to scale back
- speakers should know what type of conference they are submitting to
- Deb: types of people will come to see online are unique/timely, rather than talks that you might already find online elsewhere, great for wandering by, but not peolpe who are taking time out of day to log in
- FSF had to change their conf on a dime from in-person to virtual (so that impacts some aspects).
  - Attendance was diminished, try hard to think outside of box for what would make online conference exciting
  - Didn't try to do social get together, would really need to get out of the box to not just have 80 people on conference call
- If we do decide to do this, FSF has streaming infrastructure and we would be able to use, they would help, fsf staff support!
- Salt asks: "hybrid model considered?"
- info to speakers changes a great deal what KIND of talks submit & submit
- pretty sure we want to decide on what type of conference before CFP date
- hybrid model has questions about whether it would be safe for small groups if not safe for large groups
- what is SeaGL's mission, and how do we translate that to a virtual conference?
- on a bigger level, setting up virtual spaces is basically an "overflow room," which could be our jumping-off point for hybrid/virtual conferencing
- hallway track possibilities?
  - rachel - "bof"
  - strong moderation - bringing questions in DURING the talk for better responsiveness, permitting non-muting for questions
  - unconference-style events!
  - teagl
- LibrePlanet used a "staff" moderator for questions, would like to have had time to think about more ways to encourage remote participation
- Ian Kelling is going to share some attendance numbers so we can get a sense of what kinds of talks drew good remote attendance
- BOF's/topic dinners, separate rooms for both serious topics and maybe more frivolous ones, eg. #teagl #pictureswithinflatableseagull, #bathroomline, 
- Let's keep thinking about how to virtualize a "hallway track."  it's very important, nobody has really cracked it!
- [TODO] Bring complete discussion point for virtual or no, next week

### Open 2019 Business

- Budget/cash log update (Salt)

### Org Structure

- [domain description etherpad]( https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

### Committee Updates

#### Promotion & Outreach (der.hans, ??)

- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing)

##### Stickers (der.hans or Andrew)

- nothing yet

---

#### Fundraising & Finance (der.hans, ??)

- [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376)
- [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0)
- [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf)
- [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf)

- [TODO] (Finance committee): review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [TODO] Deb to talk to Indeed and will talk to Red Hat

---

#### Food/Drink & Afterparty (Keith, ??)

- Nothing yet

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

- Nothing yet

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)

- this is about the time when keynote selection should begin, but many speakers wont do it if remote
- maybe a three category (in person, virtual, hybrid) keynote idea generation?  some will not want to do virtual, but there ARE speakers known for online eventing
- experienced vs less experienced keynoters
[TODO] (Rachel) get together with Nathan to discuss virtualizing stuff

---

#### Logistics & OnSite (??, Deb)

##### SCC Update (Lisa)

- They will PROBABLY determine this by mid-May - maybe we should wait til this news lands at least?
- University of Washington has already put summer classes online - SCC is separate, but UW is a data point

---

#### Website & Technical (Prasket, ??)

##### Review staff emails and group aliases (Prasket)

- [TODO] (Salt) follow up with Prasket

##### OSEM (Andrew)

- Trial migration pending maintenance on upstream
- Still working on test instance.  No big blockers, just working thru.
- Rachel offered to assist, Andrew just working on development environment, it's not quite reliable yet

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)

- pressed pause until better idea of what type of conference we are holding

---

### MISC


<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 48 hours of the meeting) -->

### Using more FLOSS for organizing (Salt)

- Jitsi vs UberConference vs BigBlueButton
- Etherpad supports video calls, mumble is good for calls only
- https://video.etherpad.com/p/SeaGLTest
- jitsi supports inlining etherpad, but not sure what that means
- anti-harassment tools are lacking
- FSF uses Big Blue Button
- we may be able to use them for weekly calls
- Mumble: free software for audio calls
- techselection@seagl.org is for selecting... tech :) so Salt and Deb will get together (and anyone else on techselection@) to test Big Blue Button

### Year eight theme? should we choose remote or in-person first?

- pieces of 8
- year of the spider
- inifinity
- lucky?
- eight ball
- octopus
- free software cubed
- crazy eights
- 8 wires in ethernet/cat5
- octagon, "stop in the name of FOSS"
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_octagonal_buildings_and_structures
eight days a week... is not enough to show I care ...about FOSS!

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->


## Timeline

- "Save the date" flyers by March 4th
- First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of April
- Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May
- Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: Beginning of May
- Keynote selection: May
- CFP open: Mid June
- CFP close: Mid August
- Reserve party venue: August
- Announce talks: Mid September  -  go or no go?
- Testing of room kits: September
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting

- Monday, April 27th @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.04.27
- Bi-weekly meetings through June (at least), Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round

- deb: went great, start thinking about funny themes
- lucy: happy thinking about people having an impact, nice to hear good news, seagl is bright spot
- rachel: loving meeting format, taking longer but effect at each step, easy to follow, appreciate everyone's patience
- andrew: not much to say, echo about good format, sort of great to have early go/no-go date
- lisa: echo meetings are very structured and effective
- hans: format seems to be working well, quite productive for early on, already grabbing and using for local group


<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting: (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date (B) copy content from this pad into new one (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new (D) clear discussion notes, move TODOs to "Last meeting TODO review" (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list  (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank (G) update link in calendar -->


