<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-11-09 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- November 9th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20201102-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: der.hans, Salt, Romeo, Andrew, Lucy, Rachel, Keith, Nathan, Don/sntxrr, Monica, Ben, Ian, Tree
- Current: Salt, Nathan, Lucy, der.hans, Deb, Andrew, Ben, Alison, Don/sntxrr, Rachel, Monica, Keith, Tree, Romeo
- Apologies: 

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Lucy

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 4
- Talks Submitted: 85
- Speakers Submitted: 64
- Talks Accepted: 36
- Ambassadors: 10 -> 10
- TeaGL Signups: 10
- Volunteers: 4 -> 11 (still 1 open slot!)
- Fiscal Sponsors: 4 -> 4
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??
- Office Hours attendance: ??
- Career Expo Participant: ??

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Deb, excited about virtual event, 
- Don, excited and nervous
- Ben, can't believe it's already here! (I have a talk to write!)
- Andrew is fine, worried that we're missing some tech stuff
- Tree, excited but nervous, glad we have two weeks
- Hans, we've been doing so much and now so much more, lots of people came in, so happy but nervous
- Romeo, excited, putting together videos
- Salt, ecstatic to have such a great team, also forgot I have a talk to write!

<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->

## Agenda

### Committee Updates

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- One of our volunteers was very concerned about our Code of Conduct escalation policy, and was insistent that all volunteers be empowered to ban people from channels. I offered to have just them be on our CoC response team (which is currently just me, who else should I add?), and that did not seem to satisfy them...
    - I think there's a reason for volunteers to be able to kick, not ban though, maybe just changing the voice setting on the channel and individual people?
    - Nathan brought up a very valid point: "would you empower a volunteer to kick someone out of an in-person conference?"
    - Regarding CoC, it appears that it isn't setup as a group, rather it's a user with logins. In general, Deb and myself have been on it in the past and I would assume can be now. Look forward to other thoughts though!
    - I wouldn't say volunteers *can't* kick people, but I know some are new to IRC and would not be comfortable with that. I want to lower the barrier to entry as much as possible
    - To be clear though, quieting is one tool. But I think taking a strong stance for CoC concerns is important to ensuring a safe space. Quieting also doesn't do anything to stop PM abuse based on stuff being seen in the channel.
    - Quieting users is a good compromise. I don't need to raise my hand any more! thanks nathan and all <3
    - also agree with the statement about coc == seagl staffer
    - the quiet list thing is a great idea, and I'm happy to help with this as well Lucy and be on that team/monitoring irc
    - we also mentioned a wordlist, auto removing voice perhaps makes sense there
- Questions:
    - Are we ok with having volunteers who do not have IRC experience and are not comfortable kicking / muting / banning?
        - Most folks agree volunteers do not need to enforce the CoC, just escalate
        - Teach volunteers how to quiet someone?
    - Who else is on the Code of Conduct committee?
        - We can also sign up for "shifts" if folks want.
        - Keith, can mention in staff
- I assume we don't need volunteers for keynotes?
    - Don't think so. Staff will take care.
- Volunteer Resources on Github: Let me know if there's anything missing!!
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/pull/28/files

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Lucy) Write up detailed instructions for each position https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/pull/28/files
- [DONE] (Salt) Email seagl announce google group for volunteers!
    - Should I do this? (Salt) Can't hurt? I think we did seagl2020@, speakers@, and ambassadors@
    - https://groups.google.com/g/seagl_announce
    - what other info should go here, we keep this list low traffic
    - ask people to promote, easier than ever to join last minute
    - #TeaGLtoasts
- [TODO] Make an FAQ for volunteers
    - include Code of Conduct questions, and anything related to getting on BBB, how to join the mailing list, etc. 
- [TODO] (Rachel) Talk to Lisa about volunteers from the CS of SCCC
- [TODO] Meetup groups would also be good to message for volunteers
    - (Salt) sent some of these out, but Meetup flagged me as a spammer v_v
    - :( Np! I think we're honestly good on volunteers. But yeah about attending!

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Everyone) review volunteer resources on github
- [TODO] Add basic IRC commands to volunteer resources

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] create an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers (regular decision making throughout the year, not specifically day-of)
- [TwOntDO] (Salt) Give Lucy details about Libre Planet + LFNW moderators for volunteer ask email

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup form]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/yHs5d8qmEBedQ72d
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit#gid=0
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- Everyone needs to add/verify their info on the staff contact sheet asap!
    - https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1JiSP0_BYEN1DYOFG7ICRdpylD7TT3ZdY?usp=sharing
- Enhance the tech post to include attending instructions? Separate post about attending details? Moving to outreach..

##### TeaGL (Monica)
- People are posting their tea
- Working with Sri to coordinate TeaGL with Linux App Summit
- Got lots of tea-themed music

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] consider whether we want TeaGL on both days or a different social time
- [DONE] Coordinate more tea clinks, incl. with Linux App Summit
- [DONE] talk to Sri from LAS about #TeaGLToasts (Monica)
- [DONE] find usable recording of Tea For Two (or other tea related public domain song)
    - chinese uploader of a 1924 recording of the Benson Orchestra Of Chicago, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av2_C8ASbQQ&list=RDav2_C8ASbQQ
    - alternative, cc, "Royal Tea Party" by Tom Parkin (I think), 30 or 60 second versions, https://megamusicmonkey.com/free-music-royal-tea-party-song-60-second-creative-commons/
    - alternative, cc by 3, "Tea Roots" by Kevin MacLeod, reggae with folk violin, https://incompetech.com/music/royalty-free/index.html?isrc=USUAN1100472
    - alternative, pd, "Tatami Tea" by Kevin MacLeod, chinese instrumental, https://freepd.com/Page2/
    - alternative, cc by sa, "Green Tea" by Purrple Cat, low-fi/ambient, https://www.free-stock-music.com/purrple-cat-green-tea.html
    - alternative, cc by, "Tea Walk" by Zplit, electronic, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myOgNESDrc8
    - alternative, cc by, "herbal tea" by Artificial.Music, electronic, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChhcjSCEaBc
    - alternative, ???, "All the Tea in China" by Shane Ivers, instrumental, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx4PGlasQBo
    - alternative, cc by sa nc[!], "The Tea Party" by Dexter Britain, classical/electronic, https://freemusicarchive.org/music/Dexter_Britain/2018100594213119/The_Tea_Party#
    - alternative, pd, "Mad Hatter Tea Party" by John Bartmann, instrumental, https://freemusicarchive.org/music/John_Bartmann/Public_Domain_Soundtrack_Music_Album_One/mad-hatter-tea-party
    - alternative, cc by sa, "Cup of Tea (album)" by Mooncoyne (prev. SlÃ¡inte), celtic, https://archive.org/details/CupofTea
- [DONE] create day-of contact sheet of seagl staff
    - roles, time zones, phone numbers, irc handles, emails, etc.
    - maybe include "org chart" esque knowing who is responsible for what so that people contact the right person for the right things
    - see [staff contact sheet] (thanks Lucy!)

##### New TODOs
- [DONE] Monica reach out to Rachel about priva-tea individual

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social -- we have a few more to go
- [TODO] TeaGL 'sweetener' for volunteers (aka free tea???)

##### Important Links
- [staff contact sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/147yuXW7LyUNtfNs4xlujsNR_mO0GK_ZdaKO1Kfj_dVE/edit#gid=0
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [How LPC used BBB to run a conference]: https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/830436/32e90fdf8ae0cf7f/
- [TeaGL signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/qsiw2pCb5sKPPaCg

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, Ben)
- created graphic for talk banners (Mateus) !!!
- loaded TeaGL Toast videos to Nextcloud for Romeo (Hans)
- tweeted all the talks w/ banner from graphix team! (Ben, Nathan)
    - Posts went live yesterday and today (~5 days before each talk), additional tweets are scheduled to give a 10-minute warning before each talk
- re-tweeted tea topics from Cory Doctorow and Doctor Who mentioning TeaGL :) (Hans)
- Hans, Salt, and Ben are coordinating pinned posts for social this week
- Need someone to write a piece for LinuxJournal ASAP
    - 'If we give them a little blurb they will put it up on the Linux Journal.
    - A couple of sentences and a logo would work.
    - Thanks Deb!!!
- SeaGL Career Expo scheduled for Thursday afternoon, draft announcement in git !!!
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/227
- Blog post about how to attend SeaGL
- Need IRC channels for career expo:
    - Private channel for councelors
    - Public channel for participants '#seagl-career-expo ?
    - Maybe one other?
    - Going to use meet.jitsi.org for meetings
    - meet.seagl.org is a thing, it is up now, we can use it for career expo if we want
    - Thursday may be a smaller event to test our tech
    - Wednesday is for our tech test
    - Spreadsheets etc. for resumes
- Graphics are AMAZING
- Where does twitter header live? Follow up after conference to move assets to Github, currently in next-cloud.

##### Reminders
- [On-Going] Publicize TeaGL, stress everyone is welcome even if they didn't swap
    - fun social media posts, like what mug to use
    - tea-time recipes and polls
- [On-Going] promote schedule
- post a TeaGL Toast :)
    - https://mastodon.social/@SeaGL/105054866809580731
    - upload your video to the nextcloud [#TeaGLtoasts r/w source files] directory

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] write blog post about creating tech stack: what, how and why (Ben)
    - https://seagl.org/news/2020/11/09/seagl-tech-stack.html
- [DONE] (Salt) send email to Deb asking about status of Cascadia community builder award
- [DONE] post schedule link to Facebook event (Salt)
- [In-Progress] add/write blog posts
    - [In-Progress] theme blog post
    - [ ] (Deb and Hans) talk to Indeed/Alison about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts
    - Has Indeed's procurement team followed up? 
        - Yes, waiting on Indeed. Ping Alison if we need to push
    - Request for a quote was sent up to Indeed's PR team, Alison to follow up again - we would like this by Wednesday PM, latest Thursday AM
- [In-progress] New designers to update 2020 Flyer for virtual, use pandemic logo (files attached to card in Nextcloud)
    - 4 keynotes, over 30 talks, 3 tracks over 2 day
    - speakers and participants from around the world
    - [x] verify number of keynotes (Hans)
    - [x] verify Cascadia Community award (Salt)
- [In-Progress] create graphics for physical stickers (Smera, Mateus, Melody)
- [In-Progress] investigate face mask options, investigate print their own platform (Hans)
- [TODO] review tech stack documentation for participants
- [TODO] review tech stack documentation for speakers
- [TODO] post schedule announcement to ambassadors list (Hans)
- [TODO] Highlight PT/UTC hours on social media
- [TODO] post about Women in Linux donation
- [TODO] (Hans) Here's how easy it was to make the TeaGL Toast video with Kdenlive

##### New TODOs
- [DONE] Salt give Melody access to YouTube channel (Salt)
- [DONE] fix deployment of tech stack blog post
- [DONE] ask programming about international speakers (Hans)
- [DONE] start social media pinning thread on SeaGL2020 list (Ben)
- [In-progress] blogs: today (tech stack, Career Expo), Tuesday (theme), Thursday (accessibility ((IDEA)), Friday (Women in Linux) (Hans and others)
- [TODO] Hans will talk to sntxrr about the tech for the career expo (and concerns around privacy)
- [TODO] post-conference blog posts: request for feedback, release of conference platform tech stack, thank yous, videos are now up post, retrospective post, amplifying big events
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [TODO] Write brief LinuxJournal article (Deb)
- [TODO] Add LinuxJournal as a media sponsor (Salt)
- [TODO] Blog post about how to attend SeaGL (Rachel)
- [TODO] post about the stickers and how to use them in signal, etc.
- [TODO] theme YouTube channel (Melody)
- [TODO] update banner to YouTube size (Mateus, Melody)
- [TODO] diversity efforts blog post (Hans)
- [TODO] write and deploy SeaGL Career Expo post (Hans)
- [TODO] page about how attendees interact w/ our tech stack, etc. (Hans, Lucy)
- [TODO] include request for feedback form during conference announcements
- [TODO] chat with Romeo about ad roll assets (Hans)

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.

##### Important Links
- Social Media Accounts
    - [Twitter]: https://twitter.com/seagl
    - [Mastodon]: https://mastodon.social/@seagl
    - [PixelFed]: https://pixelfed.social/SeaGL
    - [GetTogether Event]: https://gettogether.community/events/7827/seagl-2020/
    - [Facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/SeattleGnuLinuxConference
    - [Facebook Event]: https://www.facebook.com/events/355988355720658/
    - [IRC/Matrix]: #SeaGL
- Mailing Lists
    - [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
    - [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social
- Documents
    - [Social Media Schedule] https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/outreach/social_schedule.md
    - [Outreach documents] https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/SXjcZ5pZrojEKbA ( read-only )
    - [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing ( deprecated )
    - [original "style guide"]: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/85

---

#### Website & Technical (sntxrr, Andrew)
- Please review messaging at https://attend.seagl.org/ , suggestions welcome.
- Streaming to set up
- Youtube to set up
- Twitch to set up
- Plan to get together this week, do a lot of work on Wednesday
    - Putting lots of time in from 6pm - ???
- Confident and freaked out (same omg)
- Andrew heads down on front-end stuff
    - If anyone wants to checkout attend.seagl.org and suggest improvements to messaging
- Anything we can do to OSEM too, let Andrew know
- Twitch + facebook can only stream one thing at a time. Do we want to pick a track and stream that one, or do none?
    - Doing one might not be great because then only a subset are streamed
    - Talk tracks are pretty arbitrary, not comfortable making one "special"
    - Increase viewership for other platforms, but at what cost?
    - We could just stream keynotes to those platforms and then have the ad-roll tell people where to attend
    - Would it be difficult to combine them into one stream? Yes.
    - Only our own window will have captions, and on Youtube we can have events and turn off chats, comments, etc.
    - Combined uncaptioned stream?
    - Can we have multiple twitch accounts? The problem with that is the tool we're using (castr) might not be able to do multiple streams?
        - We'll try this out!!
    - Might be against FB rules to do that. Let's not try.
- Andrew's question about scaling: it's on the bucket, scale up Thursday, down Sunday. We can see in emails what sizes we used.

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- In the past Rob has done something to scale up for the conference?

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Andrew) add UTC times to website
- [TODO] need to use the BBB API to get internal IDs of the meetings
- [TODO] scripting the stream swapping
- [TODO] look into why seagl email is going to spam, spf headers, etc
- [TODO] add nicks to seagl freenode org and bot admin list
    - See [staff contact sheet]

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) Scale up OSEM bucket sizes on Wednesday, scale down on Sunday
- [TODO] (Andrew) Add a BIG BUTTON at the top of seagl.org to attend talks. Flock mind
- [TODO] verify how irc room creation from within kiwi acts

    - bot shouldn't enter unless bot creates room via !cr

- [TODO] (Tree) see if there's a worldlist filter to set a mute on someone, maybe for a length of time with a warning?
- [TODO] (Tree) add a link to help on kiwi irc somewhere in the bot, !chathelp?
- [TODO] (Salt) send message on IRC to request cloaks for staff members and bot
- [TODO] (Andrew) try attend.seagl.org on mobile...

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] (sntxrr) get osem hosted somewhere for Andrew to test upstream
    - It's complicated; work started at https://github.com/AndrewKvalheim/osem/tree/trial
- [TODO] (Salt) work on osuosl transition, get those with trello access the initial list of asks (keith, sntxrr, andrew)
- [TODO] change social account logins to use social@seagl.org address
    - [ ] (Salt) Twitter
    - [ ] (??) Facebook
    - [ ] ?? what other accounts do we have?

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster
- [OSUOSL Trello board]: https://trello.com/b/1b97B6Ud/seagl-migration

---

#### Audio/Visual (Romeo)
- Various streaming services need to be setup, currently planning on targetting YouTube, Twitch, and FB
    - YouTube Events can have multiple livestreams running for each account
    - Twitch requires a separate account for each livestream
    - Zuckerberg more like Suckerberg (lol)
- Ad Rolls almost ready
- First ad roll rendering right now (!!!)
    - Thanks Romeo!
- Haven't logged into youtube acct or made twitch accounts, but will tonight or tomorrow
- Some content to shorter video? Make several shorter videos and merge into larger ones?
- Adding at least 3 more community sponsors, maybe Microsoft
    - Separate video, splice together
- Have multiple videos and then playlist them
- Fade instead of jump?
- Separate set for ad rolls and upcoming talks
- Idea for ad rolls:
    - Constantly looping (rtrs ? stream)
    - Can cut to this at any moment, if there's tech difficulty or anything we can just attach to this ad stream
    - Doesn't matter if it's a playlist or one long video
    - What Romeo made is 19 separate video files for each block of time that will just show next segment of schedule
    - Can make a sponsor-only ad roll for the constant loop (so no schedule)
    - Continue after meeting

##### Reminders
- Keep sending your TeaGL videos

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [DONE] setup jitsi server before racking in datacenter

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] Set up separate twitch accounts and streams
- [TODO] Separate videos for constant loop
- [TODO] (Salt) send Romeo new sponsor details for adroll
- [TODO] add something that directs people to attend.seagl.org in ad-roll

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description etherpad]

##### Important Links
- [Homebrew conference platform documentation]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- Should we have bbb mic check?
    - It will be a relief for speakers who haven't used BBB before
- Thanks Everyone!
- Emails to Speakers and Keynotes are out ++
- Want to edit Attend SeaGL post to add attendance instructions
- Want to queue up two day-of blog posts with plaintext schedule of the day
- One more Keynote Interview Blog Post
- Talk Video Logistics
- Rachel sent 36 individual emails (I think?)
- Thanks from Nathan for people stepping up!
- We should schedule tonight right now when our retro is
- We should not auto-publish videos, get speaker permission
- We got from speakers if they're ok being published - haven't picked a license yet

##### Reminders
- Keep Rachel and Nathan in the loop on anything speaker related

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] get confirmations from keynotes
- [DONE] offer pre-recording & practicing times
- [DONE] Send email out to confirmed speakers reminding of a couple details like 20m timeslot
- [DONE] (Salt) schedule a time to test tech stack for presentors (pre-recorded, live, q&a, etc.)
- [DONE] add speaker/talk name list to blog post
- [DONE] review programming schedule for text content (anyone)
- [DONE] (Rachel) Reach out to 5th keynoter informing them we are going with 4 due to lack of communication
- [DONE] (Salt) send email template for speakers, include the following:
    - where to send (pre-recorded) video and slides
    - how to test and when and who will be available to help speakers
    - url for each speaker
    - timeline for day of
    - documentation of how to use
    - How will Q&A be handled?
    - Technical requirements
    - Who to contact with technical issues?
    - What role will volunteers play (intro, relaying questions, time management)?
    - Opting out of recording of talk / providing licensing details?
    - What needs to be done to accomodate transcriptions / how/when will they appear?
    - Not tech, but we should also include any asks we need
        - Shipping address
        - Opt in / Opt out instructions?
        - Link to volunteer form
- [DONE] (Programming) add the party and social events to the schedule

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] Create #seagl-speaker-lounge
- [TODO] decide on license to release videos under

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year

##### Important Links

---

#### Participant Party & Hallway Track (Keith, Tree)
- "new" chair!!!
- we really need more trivia questions...
- Trivia: Bri has accepted our ask to be the host/mc!
- Scavenger Hunt: still no host/mc. Salt said he can do it if not.
- How they will work: participants will do !play in #seagl-party, then they will randomly invited to a channel with other strangers as a team. the MC will start in the #seagl-party (MC could be on video too and every participant will be in both their party and their team channel) and then when a question is asked, they will type '!ask (question)' and bot will broadcast to every team channel. There will be a timer of some sort and the bot will remind them (if 3 min, every min, 30 seconds) and then anyone in the team can do '!answer blah' and then once the timer is up, the mc can do a command to see all the answers.
- Mako show is early evening 4:30-6 on Friday
- Saturday party is 6-10, trivia at 8, scavenger hunt at ...TBD. Depends on MC. 6:30 is ideal
- Prizes for trivia or scavenger hunt?
    - We will have a lot of magic-8 balls when they arrive (and other old gifts) 
    - Scheduled money for party we're not using, could do gift cards or other digital assets
    - FSF gift card? TODO
    - open source collective gift cards? (they can donate to open source projects that are open collective)

##### IRC Bot (Tree)
- Lots of testing, finding and fixing
- Should always be in the channels we have going now
- Let Tree know if there's a channel the bot should be in
- Prod testing this week - hammer on the bot!
- ask and question commands are working, metrics include user counts and nicks
- Change jitsi endpoint quickly
- Teagl command working
- For volunteers

##### Reminders
- add things to the hallway track brainstorming pad (listed below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (everyone) generate trivia questions
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_trivia
- [TODO] (everyone) generate more scavenger hunt items
- [TODO] writeup day-of logistics for afterparty
- [TODO] explore rewards for playing/winning the games
    - this/previous year's speaker gifts
    - gift cards to fsf/open collective/etc
    - virtual thank you card
- [In-Progress] find mc's for afterparty events
- [In-Progress] (Salt) pin down details for Mako's Friday night happy hour
- [In-Progress] (Salt) Ask Mako to add a list if ingredients for folks to follow along with his party

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] Everyone! Please add trivia questions: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_trivia
- [TODO] Everyone! Please add scavenger hunt ideas: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hunt
- [TODO] write social blog post for afterparty/trivia/mako/etc
- [TODO] Link for the bot help on KiwiIRC
- [TODO] Lucy get a list of IRC nicks of volutneers to Tree
- [TODO] Comprehensive list of commands / documentation incoming from Tree

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] fill out [domain description etherpad]

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- sent a BUNCH of community sponsor emails, have heard back from a few... added some, but not all yet
    - osuosl, snowdrift, ta3m, eff, sasag, linux journal
- Working with MS since using Azure, if anyone has connections to MS or Carol Smith in particular it'd be great to reach out
- Right now azure media person, money from them would be great

##### Reminders
- [On-Going] get sponsors on website
- Reach out to your employer and other potential sponsors with the prospectus (listed below) and update the lead sheet so we don't double up (also below)
- Update lead sheet when you contact a potential sponsor

##### Reimbursements
- [In-Progress] reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
- [TODO] reimburse Keith $100 for Hopin, a second month now as well
- [TODO] (Salt) collect various reimbursements for one large request (e.g. castr, alibaba, etc.)

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] reach out to non-profit sponsors
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [In-Progress] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [TODO] (Hans) follow up with Alison/Indeed regarding a quote about why Indeed wants to support SeaGL

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) add incoming sponsors to website

##### Bikeshed
- [In-progress] follow up with FSF about finalizing 2020 books, get update on cashlog (Hans)
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=166062536
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf
- [Sponsorship FAQ]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPqypsOF2ONfKCVd3D_tiGqS5i13SbVePD-aPEEPYQg/edit

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- Schedule retrospective (lower down)

##### Speaker Gifts
- Paid for, sample in production, won't arrive till after conference

##### Honoraria
- Paid for Women In Linux, waiting for response so that they have our info
    - Get a logo?
- to announce during the event

##### Reminders
- start submitting [seagl 2020 feedback]!!!

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Deb) Talk with Tameika and say that we're funding something specifically vs. here's a pile of cashola ($2000 earmarked)
- [TODO] (Deb) draft blog post about honoraria changes
- [TODO] (Salt) confirm that everyone who should be on CoC@seagl.org is on
    - add lucy, keith, ???

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) convert CoC@ to group
    - advanced email routing stuff for coc@, see https://support.google.com/a/answer/4524505
    - You can make coc@ go to a (new) google group
- [TODO] (Salt) create calendar invite for 6pm tech team time
- [TODO] (Salt) create calendar invite for November 23, 2 hour retrospective

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description etherpad]
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs (thank you to interrem/folks lacking a co-chair)
    - Finance & Fundraising (thanks Hans)
    - Logistics & On"Site" (thanks Deb)
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track (thanks Keith)
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how their committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/
- [seagl 2020 feedback]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/eenxfWgqKFKCQwaE

---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [x] SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
    - Still needs to be done at some point
- [ ] Keynote Introductions/Announcements + scheduling post, per day
    - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
    - incoming from programming committee
    - [DONE] (Salt) check if this is done
- [/] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [-] Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers
- [ ] A shorty about our social stuff?

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- ~~Virtual attendee party idea: September~~
- ~~Announce talks: Mid October~~
- ~~Testing of speaker infrastructure: Mid October~~
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: November
- ~~Volunteer training: 2 weeks before the conference~~
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, November 23 @ 5pm - 7pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.11.23

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->
- HA, if time...

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes a bientot round
- Ben: Great meeting, lots of work, finished talk last night!
- Romeo: Excited to get updated sponsors in render and re-render
- Salt: Thank you to everyone!
- Nathan: It's almost here!
- Lucy: Community during the pandemic is great! Can't wait
- Deb: Favorite meeting in a sea of zoom meetings, excited for event
- Andrew: Time flies, everything coming together
- Rachel: Very excited, so impressed with amount of work everyone is doing
- Monica: Excited about TeaGL, looking forward to working with LAS people!
- Don: Count Don in for next year! Freaked out about the amount of work, thank glob got Wednesday off
- Tree: Excited and nervous, so much work, it'll get there (HAPPY 40th BIRTHDAY TREE) 
- Hans: Doing so much work, so awesome, looking forward to all the things we have going on, sleep next week!
- Keith: Great to see this come together, told Salt was crazy to have this vision, excited it's pulled off
    - Page for tech prep for Wednesday

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->
<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ABP-compatible cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):
    #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
    javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->

