# 2020-03-01 SeaGL Kickoff Call

- March 1st, 2020. 1300 Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20191202-post-mortem.md
  - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2019_post_mortem
- Attending: Salt, Andrew, der.hans, Rachel, Deb, Lisa

## Proposed Agenda

### Feedback for SeaGL 2019

- Document found here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LcmSBIiqMrwDtWxeAUrhHaLZTNjGts3HtSS9QWhuyb0/
- If something occurred to you during the break, feel free to add it now!
- Everyone should try to have reviewed this before the meeting.

### Timeline

- "Save the date" flyers by March 4th
- First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of April
- OSEM repair/replacement: Beginning of May
- Keynote selection: May
- CFP open: Mid June
- CFP close: Mid August
- Reserve party venue: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of room kits: September
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

    - ATO+CLS Oct 17-20

    - OS Summit EU Oct 26-29

    - Election Day Nov 3

    - Ohio LinuxFest TBD (der.hans is contacting)it's Nov 6th & 7th

    - KubeCon Nov 17-20

    - BPH booked on the 7th, BPH available in morning 13/14

- TODO (Lisa): to start process for Nov 13/14
- TODO (Salt): Salt to update Save the Date

### LinuxFest Northwest - April 25/26

- We have been approved for a table
- Salt will be there, speaking and tabling for Snowdrift.coop/SeaGL
- der.hans will be at LFNW as well, speaking
- Andrew will be there
- No Deb, no Rachel, no Adam
- make sure we have posting to give out url/qr code
- TODO (): reach out to past volunteers and setup tabling shifts

### Open 2019 Business

- Get videos out!!!
  - Write blog post and update OSEM program -- Rachel, two posts 1) keynotes, 2) general talks we got 28!
  - https://archive.org/details/@romeoseagl
  - (from Salt) Mako would like to link to a better quality recording that has mostly the same content.
  - https://mako.cc/copyrighteous/libreplanet-2018-keynote
- Remind speakers about gifts, send out those who have responded
- Blog saying that we have our dates and we'll be at LFNW
- Finalize cash log
- TODO (Rachel): write blog post about videos, include footer that has our upcoming dates

    - SeaGL (the Seattle GNU/Linux conference) is Seattle's grassroots free/libre/open source software, hardware, and culture summit. Founded in 2013, SeaGL now features over 50 talks, four keynotes, and the Cascadia Community Builder Award. Join speakers and participants from around the world for Seattle's FREE, as in freedom and coffee, GNU/Linux conference.

    - LF volunteers too!  just a blurbish

- TODO (Andrew): do pass on website to update dates/other info
- TODO (Salt): finalize cash log

### Review and write initial 2020 budget

- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376
- TODO (Finance committee): enter estimated numbers

### Review staff emails and group aliases

- Award Council - award@seagl.org
- CFP Help for possible speakers - cfp-help@seagl.org
- CFP Proposal Reviewers - reviewers@seagl.org
- Committee Chairs - chairs@seagl.org
- Feedback - feedback@seagl.org
- Onsite - onsite@seagl.org
- Outreach - outreach@seagl.org
- Add press@seagl.org ?
- SeaGL AV Committee - av@seagl.org
- SeaGL finance committee - finance@seagl.org
- SeaGL Staff - staff@seagl.org
- SeaGL Tech Selection Committee - techselection@seagl.org
- Server Admins - sre@seagl.org
- Speakers - speakers@seagl.org -> programming@seagl.org
- Volunteers - volunteers@seagl.org

### Org Structure

- Planning & Timelines (Impresario?) [Salt]
- Audio/Visual Recording (1 chair) [Romeo?], needs to be local
- Finance & Fundraising (2 chairs) [??, ??], can be remote, Adam can help but not chair
- Food/Drink & Afterparty (2 chairs) [Keith?, ??], needs to be local
- Logistics & OnSite (2 chairs) [??, Deb], at least one chair has to be local - Code of Conduct, greetings, room monitors, childcare, (Deb) signage and inventory at storage and interface w/AV
- Programming & Flow (2 chairs) [Rachel, Nathan?], needs 2 people, needs co-chair
- Promotion & Outreach (2 chairs) [der.hans, ??], at least one local, have ambassador role that interacts with local communities regularly
- Website & Technical (2 chairs) [prasket?, ??], can be remote
- Volunteers (1 chair) [Lucy?], should be local
- What has to have two people?
- What can be done remotely?
- TOOD (Salt): ask Adam about chairing finance, ask with Prasket about web/tech, ask Romeo about A/V
- TODO (Rachel): Ask Lucy about volunteer chair, Ask Nathan about programming co-chair
- TODO (all): try to recruit volunteers/chairs at west coast events

### OSEM

- "SeaGL OSEM Update Effort" 1/12 email to techselection@seagl.org
- TODO (Salt): resend email, incl staff@, directly ping Prasket

## TODOs

- TODO (Salt): forward Stickers? email to der.hans and Andrew, der.hans to talk to friend about artwork, maybe use Sticker Mule
- TODO (Rachel): To write SaveTheDate email with call for volunteers

## Next Meeting

- Daytime on 16th, TODO (Salt): put out poll for hours
- Before LFNW (April 25/26 @ Bellingham, WA)
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.03.16


