<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-07-27 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- July 27th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- We are going to try BBB for the meeting, everyone should have received an invitation. If not, please let Salt know ASAP and he'll look into it.
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## UberConference
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200713-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Nathan, Salt, Ben Cotton, der.hans, Rachel, Keith
- Current: Andrew, Nathan, der.hans, Deb, Lucy, Alison, Salt
- Apologies: Rachel, Ben


<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Nathan

## Metrics (previous)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 1 (1) 
- Talks Submitted: 4 (4)
- Ambassadors: 8 (6)
- Sponsors: ??
- Registrations: 0
- Social Shares: ??


## Review previous meeting feedback
- Deb: good to see everyone, like BBB, two chats was distracting
- Keith: thanks everyone, first time using BBB
- Rachel: one chat should be completely optional, love chat rooms, excited that we are on track
- Ben: excited to be here, cpu load average lower with BBB than alternatives
- Hans: glad we are trying different tools, multiple chats is hard
- Nathan: getting used to BBB, lacking some features but alright, more kids/cats/etc
- Salt: thanks all, we're getting through!


<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda <!-- Timebox: xx minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 24 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->


---

### Committee Updates

---


#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- [Calendar] Office hours, Wednesdays at noon in #seagl on freenode (Everyone is welcome! Not just programming)

    - Honoraria- $50 stipend for approved talks paid for from SeaGL general budget

    - $100 if we get a sponsor (might have a sponsor, thanks to Ben)

- Will continue to push for a response from the various keynote nominees (enforce timeline)
- [TODO] (EVERYONE) Personally invite 2-5 people to submit talks to the CFP

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] eventually do a run through of pre-recorded talks
- [BUMP] (Nathan) consider outsourced tracks at the Program committee meeting this week

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] blog post on honoraria for BIPOC speakers
- [TODO] (everyone) Please volunteer for a shift or two for SeaGL office hours, Wednesdays 12pm PDT
- [TODO] (everyone) Please share CFP on your channels!!
    - particularly for folks who wouldn't usually travel, or otherwise remote folks
- [TODO] (Nathan) consider outsourced tracks at the Program committee meeting this week

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- promoted office hours on Mastodon, twitter and IRC
- promoted all hands on Mastodon, twitter and IRC
- PNW talks @ HOPEconf: Free as in Dirt: In Pursuit of Truly Open Source Physical Objects; How Your Mobile Phone Is Tracking You - and How to Fight Back; The Election System - Can We Fix It? Yes, We Can!

    - Special call out for the last talk in this list. Awesome 13yo defcon speaker

    - Encouraged Hans to email them saying how awesome they were and encouraging them to submit a SeaGL Talk (we are the week after the election)

    - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pt2mTHcs7lw her name is Bianca Lewis

- For promo, encourage people to submit talks to SeaGL
- Thanks to Rachel for updating @seagl twitter for CFP and to ? for updating #seagl /topic
- Hans and Bart posted about Office Hours last week

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] cfp post to Twitter
- [DONE] update pinned posts on Twitter
- [DONE] post and promo for office hours
- [DONE] office hours reminder posts Tuesdays and Wednesdays
- [DONE] update IRC topic
- [TODO] (Hans) look at sticker pack examples and create description
- [TODO] create press kit for press, assistance welcome
- [TODO] create press kit community groups, assistance welcome
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
    - http://www.antibes.co.uk/inflatables/ok/E1851897724.htm
- [TODO] plan badge/schedule that people can print and customize to build creativity and self identification
- [TODO] post and promo for ambassadors initiative
- [TODO] create schedule of topic/pin update verifications
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [TODO] theme blog post
- [TODO] [Nathan] Post CFP to Announce google group list.  Nathan will draft, Salt will get sent.
- [TODO] post about SeaGL2020@ to ambassadors
- [TODO] promote SeaGL2020@

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Hans) bring in new blog posts from promo mtg

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing
- [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
- [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- sponsor prospectus

    - Hans and Salt did some more work on sponsor prospectus

    - Ben put us in contact with RedHat about sponsoring honorarium

    - Salt talked with Nathan/Rachel about what response might look like

    - Clarify if Fedora or RedHat

- used jitsi for impromptu finance mtg
- potential sponsor for stipends
- potential TeaGL sponsor
- Looked at mail to work on closing out books from last year

    - Numbers aren't working out right

    - Need to reach out to Salt and then FSF to make sure things are right

    - Deb says that an added tip amount might be the reason for some discrepancies (we added some on top of an auto-added tip amount)

- Are we limiting 1 sponsor per add-on?

    - Deb mentioned that live transcription amount is an estimate and she will try to get updated number in next few days

    - Hans says he generally views as 1 sponsor per add-on (per track)


##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] update sponsor prospectus for virtual conference, due next Mon
    - Review if you have access!
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_sSDvbubeDRnW-bakyaG5R7BLrSRrHAdo4th7xgviIE/edit
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [In-Progress] create sponsor reach-out email template
- [In-Progress] Finalize 2019 cash log
- [TODO] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] Hans will CC nhandler@seagl.org and Outreach and follow-up on email thread
- [TODO] add $50 x 20 BIPOC honoraria to budget, increase to $100 with sponsorship

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] mail finished prospectus to staff@

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)
- Rachel's husband might be interested

##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)
- Forms submitted, WIP, no real update

##### Email and group alias audit
- No updates

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- Need to investigate problems with outgoing email from OSEM.

    - Problem has been ongoing for months and still wip


##### Previous TODOs
- [BUMP] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [BUMP] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [BUMP] Salt will make sure Nathan gets access to the Google "announce" group for telling them about the CFP
- [BUMP] Salt and Nathan to sync on billing absorption in Rob's departure
- [BUMP] change social account logins to use the social@seagl.org address
- [BUMP] let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too. 

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [TODO] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [TODO] Salt will make sure Nathan gets access to the Google "announce" group for telling them about the CFP
- [TODO] Salt and Nathan to sync on billing absorption in Rob's departure
- [TODO] change social account logins to use the social@seagl.org address
- [TODO] let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too. 
- [TODO] (Andrew) Investigate problems with outgoing email from OSEM.

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)

##### logistics of a "live" registration/info
- Do we know how many tracks we will have? Do we know the schedule? See https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit#gid=0 for tentative schedule.
- First, what's the purpose of registration? Is it to know how many people in total attend SeaGL?
- My thinking is that we can never possibly verify who is a 'good actor' and a 'bad actor'. We shouldn't make it easy for bad actors to join, but we should make it as easy as possible for good actors to join. I think this convo is mostly about where to draw that line.
- I also think bad actors will be limited in what they can do.  I'm assuming we can limit screen sharing to just the presenter, and possibly even mute everyone to ask questions in chat. The MC can be in charge of determining when to interrupt a speaker and letting an attendee ask their question.
- In light of all this, I think it will be easiest to keep track of numbers if we simply publicly post the talk links (with passwords if possible) and ask the talk technician to take a head count at some point in the talk.
- I also wonder if we use these numbers? I know I collected talk attendance last year, and (this is on me) missed the retro meeting. Would that have made a difference in planning this year?
Proposal:

    - Attendees cannot get a link to talks until they register (email seems like a good way to manage this, + a waiting room where we can cross-check names with registered attendees)

    - Can we register people online? That seems easiest.

    - In addition to online, we should no matter what have one, sometimes 2 registration channels that folks can join and register at.

    - Could we also do this through slack? Rocket Chat?

- Possible people want reminders about SeaGL before, and want to 'set' their schedule

##### Spreadsheet where volunteers can sign up
- Nice to have a schedule with number of tracks
- Will plan on single track and adapt if this changes
- idea to plan for 2 tracks so we have redundancy
- Do we need registration?

    - Would help if we wanted to do giveaways (i.e. visit from seagl)

    - Do we need this to facilitate having people join talks?

    - [Salt] Registration won't be required, links will be pretty widely available

    - Security less of a concern as attendees will not be able to share screen or microphone no matter what.

    - Don't need to tie ourselves to osem registration

    - osem registration is currently disabled

- Moderation

    - BBB is pretty easy to configure so only presenter can speak

    - Chat moderation will be key


##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Ask Lisa about folks to recruit volunteers from
- [DONE] Review + finalize volunteer descriptions
- [In-progress] Naming contest with bracket syle tournament, whoo!
- [DONE] Figure out the logistics of a "live" registration/info

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)
- Possibly some chat with video integrations to see who is in the room (maybe rocketchat)
- #seagl-* namespace on IRC possibly linked iwth a jitsi room

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 3 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] work with Hans to get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) reach out and see what tasks are on plate

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] brainstorm [hallway track ideas]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
- [TODO] connect with Hans about restaraunt associations
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] test irc/jitsi integration solution, https://github.com/kiwiirc/plugin-conference

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- Sent email about GUADEC captioning (which went great)

##### Previous TODOs
- [In Progress] (Deb) investigate live transcription, including cost, I've asked GNOME about how the captioning went at GUADEC, asked for an intro if they were happy 
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social 
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Hans) recap of experience from attending HOPE and GUADEC

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- Keeping things working

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs
    - Website & Technical
    - Finance & Fundraising
    - Promotion & Outreach
    - Logistics & On"Site"
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how thier committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/

---

<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 24 hours of the meeting) -->


---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- Honoraria for BIPOC speakers and why for CFP - Monday/Tuesday next week, week after CFP
- SeaGL Theme, Friday week of 7/13, Salt
- Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
- Name the SeaGL seagull competition 🦆, by end of week so week to submit ideas
    - send pics of folks on the inflatable seagull to Lucy! Thanks folks, GREAT pics! :)
- Highlight the hours that the conference takes place on social
- Remind about Office Hours 
- announce ambassadors initiative

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- First contact for Sponsors: End of July
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: week before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, August 3 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.08.03
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->
- Potential sponsor for teagl

    - Needs attendance numbers

- GUADEC community volunteer invited everyone to watch them cook

    - Friday mako cooking show?



## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Deb: Lovely meeting, great seeing everyones faces/voices. Everyone excited to jump in and help
- Andrew: Needs to experiment to figure out why he is so quiet on BBB
- Salt: Appreciates everyone being here. Good open discussion time
- Lucy: Loved Salt's, "Enough fun, time to end this meeting". Excited for teagl and to have a decision on registration
- Allison: Had to step away
- Hans: Great we are working together.


<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- format is <!-- Timebox: 10 minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!--
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->
