<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-08-03 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- August 3rd, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- We are going to try BBB for the meeting, everyone should have received an invitation. If not, please let Salt know ASAP and he'll look into it.
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## UberConference
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200727-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Andrew, Nathan, der.hans, Deb, Lucy, Alison, Salt
- Current: der.hans Nathan, Andrew, Ben, Salt, Deb, Rachel, Keith
- Apologies: 


<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Andrew?

## Metrics (previous)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 1 (1) 
- Talks Submitted: 6 (4)
- Ambassadors: 8 (8)
- Sponsors: ??
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??


## Review previous meeting feedback
- Deb: Lovely meeting, great seeing everyones faces/voices. Everyone excited to jump in and help
- Andrew: Needs to experiment to figure out why he is so quiet on BBB
- Salt: Appreciates everyone being here. Good open discussion time
- Lucy: Loved Salt's, "Enough fun, time to end this meeting". Excited for teagl and to have a decision on registration
- Allison: Had to step away
- Hans: Great we are working together.


<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda <!-- Timebox: xx minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 24 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->


---

### Committee Updates

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- [Calendar] Office hours, Wednesdays at noon in #seagl on freenode (Everyone is welcome! Not just programming)
    - [office hours signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/SS4ZA6FfT6Y3ygL
- OSEM 500 Errors
    - Interfering with CFP
    - Blocked: Need working SMTP credentials for osem@seagl.org
- Review Honorarium post
    - See staff mailing list
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/186
    - Publishing on Wednesday
- Keynote/Speaker Interview Series
    - Upcoming blog posts for review
- Outsourced tracks:
    - No outsourced tracks.


##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] eventually do a run through of pre-recorded talks
- [DONE] (Nathan) consider outsourced tracks at the Program committee meeting this week
- [In-Review] blog post on honoraria for BIPOC speakers
- [TODO] (everyone) Please volunteer for a shift or two for SeaGL office hours, Wednesdays 12pm PDT
- [TODO] (everyone) Please share CFP on your channels!!
    - particularly for folks who wouldn't usually travel, or otherwise remote folks
- [TODO] (EVERYONE) Personally invite 2-5 people to submit talks to the CFP

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) coordinate fix for OSEM 500 errors
- [TODO] (Andrew) contact people who hit 500 errors

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- starting to use kanban
- Promoted CFP at SFC's meeting

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Hans) look at sticker pack examples and create description
- [TODO] create press kit for press, assistance welcome
- [TODO] create press kit community groups, assistance welcome
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
    - http://www.antibes.co.uk/inflatables/ok/E1851897724.htm
- [TODO] plan badge/schedule that people can print and customize to build creativity and self identification
- [TODO] post and promo for ambassadors initiative
- [TODO] create schedule of topic/pin update verifications
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [TODO] theme blog post
- [TODO] [Nathan] Post CFP to Announce google group list.  Nathan will draft, Salt will get sent.
- [TODO] post about SeaGL2020@ to ambassadors
- [TODO] promote SeaGL2020@
- [TODO] (Hans) bring in new blog posts from promo mtg

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] talk to Indeed about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts (Deb and Hans)

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing
- [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
- [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- Followed up on closing 2019 books
- Indeed interested in sponsoring captioning

##### Sponsor Prospectus update
- [TODO] finish tonight

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] update sponsor prospectus for virtual conference, due next Mon
    - Review if you have access!
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_sSDvbubeDRnW-bakyaG5R7BLrSRrHAdo4th7xgviIE/edit
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [In-Progress] create sponsor reach-out email template
- [In-Progress] Finalize 2019 cash log
- [TODO] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [TODO] review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] Hans will CC nhandler@seagl.org and Outreach and follow-up on email thread
- [TODO] add $50 x 20 BIPOC honoraria to budget, increase to $100 with sponsorship
- [TODO] mail finished prospectus to staff@

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
- [TODO] take over payments to the physical storage rental space
- [TODO] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [TODO] follow up with Marie @ RH about sponsorship
- [TODO] follow up with Indeed on captioning sponsorship (Deb and Hans)

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)

##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)
- Awaiting reply

##### Email and group alias audit
- no updates

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- User-facing errors caused by expired outgoing mail credentials

##### Previous TODOs
- [BUMP] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [BUMP] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [BUMP] Salt will make sure Nathan gets access to the Google "announce" group for telling them about the CFP
- [BUMP] Salt and Nathan to sync on billing absorption in Rob's departure
- [BUMP] change social account logins to use the social@seagl.org address
- [BUMP] let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too. 
- [TODO] (Andrew) Investigate problems with outgoing email from OSEM.

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Ask Lisa about folks to recruit volunteers from
- [In-progress] Naming contest with bracket syle tournament, whoo!

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 3 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] work with Hans to get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )
- [BUMP] (Salt) reach out and see what tasks are on plate

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)
- To explore Jitsi, do we want to trial it for organizer meetings?
    - Probably
- ???? [missed most of this due to technical problems]
- Need ideas for virtual activities that scale to many people
    - Breakout rooms with Jackbox
    - Combine with large group chat
    - Use Twitch for DJs? Bridge Twitch Chat to IRC? (looks like this will bridge Twitch to IRC: https://github.com/42wim/matterbridge)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] brainstorm [hallway track ideas]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track
- [TODO] connect with Hans about restaraunt associations
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] test irc/jitsi integration solution, https://github.com/kiwiirc/plugin-conference

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- Awaiting quote from WhiteCoat for live transcription
- From GUADEC:
    - had a job board
    - presentation description pages didn't say which room the talk was in
    - love the social features, cooking and drinking were popular
- From HOPE:
    - Multiple live streams by internet society
    - Recordings published quickly
    - Presenters used Zoom
    - Breakout rooms and party used BBB
    - Didn't scale well during the party
    - Matrix chat server
    - Assistance from Matrix org during DOS attack
    - Many volunteers joined shortly before the event
    - ??? is a good idea
    - Both live and pre-recorded talks, and creative hybrids

##### Previous TODOs
- [In Progress] (Deb) investigate live transcription, including cost, I've asked GNOME about how the captioning went at GUADEC, asked for an intro if they were happy 
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social 
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [TODO] (Hans) recap of experience from attending HOPE and GUADEC

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/

---

#### Impresario (Salt)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs
    - Website & Technical
    - Finance & Fundraising
    - Promotion & Outreach
    - Logistics & On"Site"
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how thier committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/

---

<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 24 hours of the meeting) -->


---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- Honoraria for BIPOC speakers and why for CFP - Wednesday, 8/5
- SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
- Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
- Name the SeaGL seagull competition ðŸ¦†, by end of week so week to submit ideas
    - send pics of folks on the inflatable seagull to Lucy! Thanks folks, GREAT pics! :)
- Highlight the hours that the conference takes place on social
- Remind about Office Hours (Hans)
- announce ambassadors initiative (Hans)
- Keynote interviews
- Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: week before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, August 10 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.08.10
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->


## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Deb: ???
- Keith: Meeting went well, looking into BBB-?? integration, didn't find much. Inexperienced with grassroots virtual conferences, regret missing HOPE.
- Ben: A++, would meet again. Filling out Kanboard with blog post tasks.
- Salt: Good to have familiar faces here and get through a meeting, thanks to everyone. Appreciate the Kanban board.
- Andrew: Busy typing.
- Rachel: Glad that the program is on it's wheels.
- Hans: Good use of Etherpad chat. Good to see things moving forward, let's continue with CFPs.
- Nathan: Go team!

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- format is <!-- Timebox: 10 minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!--
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->
