<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-11-02 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- November 2nd, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20201026-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Salt, Andrew, der.hans, Lucy, Nathan, Rachel, Don/sntxrr, Keith, Ian
- Current: der.hans, Salt, Romeo, Andrew, Lucy, Rachel, Keith, Nathan, Don/sntxrr, Monica, Ben
- Apologies: 

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Deb

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 4
- Talks Submitted: 85
- Speakers Submitted: 64
- Talks Accepted: 36
- Ambassadors: 9 -> 10
- TeaGL Signups: 10
- Volunteers: 2 -> 4 (5 with me)
- Fiscal Sponsors: 4 -> 4
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??
- Office Hours attendance: ??

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Nathan: almost there, once email goes out to speakers look forward to sitting back and watching
- Lucy: coming to the meetings amp and make up for the anxieties of the prior week
- Tree: excited to have bot live and working
- Sntxrr: super excited to have a working techstack and what that might mean beyond the conference
- Andrew: lots to do, getting close
- Keith: super excited, killing it on the tech stack
- Hans: excited about schedule, titles look really cool, always scheduled against something I want to see, from promo prospective looking forward to social media
- Ian: looking forward to helping out in any way, ping on irc for any help

<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->

## Agenda

### Committee Updates

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- Do we have something in place for overflow volunteers? We have a "floating" volunteer in case of no-shows
    - (Salt hasn't sent a bunch of Meetup messages... yet)
    - Overflow volunteers we trust could also help with social, and/or watching twitter stream for people having trouble logging in, etc. 
    - Sign up: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit#gid=0
- Make an FAQ for volunteers including Code of Conduct questions, and anything related to getting on BBB, how to join the mailing list, etc. 
    - Virtual FAQ Notes:
    - Clear division of roles - everyone can contact everyone at once, so having designated people is useful
    - Contact sheet, time zones, contact info (for staff)

##### Reminders
- (Everyone) please reach out to contacts and ask for volunteers

##### Previous TODOs
- [In Progress] (Lucy) Write up detailed instructions for each position (taking inspiration from https://debconf-video-team.pages.debian.net/docs/online_volunteer_roles.html)
- [TODO] Talk to Lisa about volunteers from the CS of SCCC
- [TODO] (Salt) Give Lucy details about Libre Planet + LFNW moderators for volunteer ask email
- [DONE] (Hans) email ambassadors list about volunteers
- [DONE] Include magic 8 ball in solicitations
- [DONE] (Lucy) Email speakers@seagl.org
- [TODO] (Salt) Email seagl announce google group for volunteers!
    - Should I do this? (Salt)
    - Can't hurt? I think we did seagl2020@, speakers@, and ambassadors@
    - https://groups.google.com/g/seagl_announce
    - what other info should go here, we keep this list low traffic
        - ask people to promote, easier than ever to join last minute
        - #TeaGLToasts
- [TODO] Meetup groups would also be good to message for volunteers
- [DONE] (Lucy) send volunteer ask template to SeaGL 2020 mailinglist
- [DONE] (Hans) send volunteer as to ambassadors list

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] Make an FAQ for volunteers
    - include Code of Conduct questions, and anything related to getting on BBB, how to join the mailing list, etc.
    - Clear division of roles - everyone can contact everyone at once, so having designated people is useful
    - Contact sheet, time zones, contact info (for staff)

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] (Lucy) an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers (regular decision making throughout the year, not specifically day-of)

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup form]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/yHs5d8qmEBedQ72d
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit#gid=0
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)
- realtime ai captioning not total garbage anymore
- opted to go with Azure instead of a captioning firm
- going for higher gift to women in linux with extra $$$
- send questions that people MIGHT have to lucy
- Ian says have a good division of roles so that people contact the right person for the right things
- Contact sheet for various roles internally, Chairs for things, feedback@ ?? Day-of contact sheet
    - Time zones, phone #s and IRC handles

##### TeaGL (Monica)
- Emails have gone to tea folks, including "anonymi-tea" folks.
- Just need to email a few people to ensure name etc. are correct
- Encouraging social media tea-unboxing
- 3x #TeaGLToasts videos, more would be nice to have
- Have two slots for tea or one?
    - two
- Tea For Two is public domain song for the video (need to find usable recording)

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [TODO] TeaGL 'sweetener' for volunteers (aka free tea???)
- [TODO] Make sure people know they're welcome to tea party even if they didn't do swap.
- [DONE] put TeaGL in schedule for Friday and Saturday
- [TODO] consider whether we want TeaGL on both days or a different social time
- [DONE] E-mail TeaGL swap participants with TeaGL event date and time
- [DONE] E-mail swap participants at end of week, make sure no concerns
- [TODO] Publicize TeaGL, stress everyone is welcome even if they didn't swap
    - fun social media posts, like what mug to use
    - tea-time recipes and polls
- [TODO] Coordinate more tea clinks, incl. with Linux App Summit
    - Will talk to Sri from LAS (Monica)

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] find usble recording of Tea For Two (or other tea related public domain song)
- [TODO] create day-of contact sheet of seagl staff
    - roles, time zones, phone numbers, irc handles, emails, etc.
    - maybe include "org chart" esque knowing who is responsible for what so that people contact the right person for the right things

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social -- we have a few more to go

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [How LPC used BBB to run a conference]: https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/830436/32e90fdf8ae0cf7f/
- [TeaGL signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/qsiw2pCb5sKPPaCg

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, Ben)
- The hypemen!
- Woo Ben
- Career advice and/or resume review
    - Hans already has volunteers for this
    - If we do this, then after,
    - You might want to ask VMB if she is willing to pitch in on advice, etc.

##### Reminders
- post a TeaGL Toast :)
    - https://mastodon.social/@SeaGL/105054866809580731
- please read career guidance email
    ```
    Rather than a job board, we could offer resume reviews and career guidance.

    I started that with my local group years ago and it has made an impact
    for some of the people we've helped. We hold ad hoc counselling a
    couple times a year.

    We also had resume review events during BoFs the last two years at
    SCaLE. I was amazed at how many people we had asking for reviews.

    At the RaiseMe/ShellCon event a couple weeks ago, I got to see how an
    organized online event can work. I think it's something we can do and
    it makes more sense than a job board. Additionally, Lori ( of RaiseMe
    and SCaLE ) has already offereed to help. Plus, Jill, one of my local
    resume reviewers had a talk accepted, so she might be game to help.

    I would setup a Nextcloud signup form, so people can sign up in advance.

    We can either run one of the conference days or we could run either
    Sunday or Monday.

    As part of the RaiseMe registration, participants indicate what type
    of guidance they want, e.g. breaking into security, furthering a
    career and getting into InfoSec management. I couldn't help with most
    of that since I'm not InfoSec, but I did help with resume reviews and
    general tech career guidance.

    We could also offer a few categories and a fill in option.

    A goal for ReadMe is that consultants can review resumes ahead of time
    and already have notes and possibly have provided written feedback
    ahead of the sessions. That didn't quite work this year, but
    counselling still went well.

    Counsellors self-scheduled by contacting requestors and making
    appointments. Each counsellor registered a room on meet.jit.si for
    their sessions.

    ShellCon had registrations from 60 countries this year. Going virtual
    really opened up access.

    RaiseMe had 18 mentors and 4 staff. There were 72 mentoring requests
    and 95 sessions before the end of the 2nd day. More sessions were
    scheduled after the official event end.

    Sessions were scheduled for 30 min sessions. It was good to have that
    expectation set ahead of the sessions. We were our own keepers, so
    could go over, schedule permitting. For instance, I helped someone in
    India and spent an hour as I didn't have something else pressing.

    We would need a couple of private IRC channels for internal communication.
    ```

- please read facemask proposal

    ```
    I talked to ShellCon's mask provider. They normally have a minimum
    order of 120, but ShellCon ordered a lot, so he'll let us have a
    minimum order of 50. The masks would be $6 each, so we'd be looking at
    an additional $350 to $400 once tax and shipping are included.

    If I'm counting correctly, that would give us one for each speaker and
    also for the core volunteers who aren't also speaking. Going with 60
    rather than 50 would give us some wiggle room.

    They want 2 weeks, so we're pushing it, but if we want to move forward
    with SeaGL masks we can send them artwork and they'll fit it to their
    templates.
    ```

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] add/write blog posts
    - [In-Progress] theme blog post
        - first draft almost done
    - [ ] (Deb and Hans) talk to Indeed/Alison about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts
- [In-progress] New designers to update 2020 Flyer for virtual, use pandemic logo (files attached to card in Nextcloud)
    - 5 keynotes, over 30 talks, 3 tracks over 2 day
    - speakers and participants from around the world
    - verify number of keynotes (Hans)
    - verify Cascadia Community award (Salt)
- [DONE] Create web and social banners, need dimensions (Smera, Mateus, Melody)
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [In-Progress] create graphics for physical stickers (Smera, Mateus, Melody)
- [On-Going] promote TeaGL
- [In-progress] write blog post about creating tech stack: what, how and why (Ben)
    - Talk to Salt, sntxrr, Keith & tree about it 
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/216
    - https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation
- [TODO] write blog posts about how participants will use the tech stack (Ben)
- [TODO] (Hans) Here's how easy it was to make the TeaGL Toast video with Kdenlive
- [TODO] review tech stack documentation for participants
- [TODO] review tech stack documentation for speakers
- [DONE] SeaGL 2020 post about volunteers (Lucy)
- [DONE] ambassadors post about volunteers (Hans)
- [In-Progress] investigate face mask options, investigate print their own platform (Hans)
- [TODO] (Salt) send email to Deb asking about status of Cascadia community builder award
- [DONE] post call for volunteers to Twitter
- [DONE] post call for volunteers to Mastodon (Hans)
- [DONE] post schedule announcement to Twitter
- [DONE] post schedule announcement to Mastodon (Hans)
- [DONE] post schedule announcement to SeaGL 2020 list (Hans)
- [TODO] post schedule announcement to ambassadors list (Hans)
- [TODO] post schedule link to Facebook event (Salt)
- [DONE] post schedule link to GetTogether event (Hans)
- [On-Going] promote schedule

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] Highlight PT/GMT hours on social media
- [TODO] post about Women in Linux donation

##### Bikeshed

##### Important Links
- Social Media Accounts
    - [Twitter]: https://twitter.com/seagl
    - [Mastodon]: https://mastodon.social/@seagl
    - [PixelFed]: https://pixelfed.social/SeaGL
    - [GetTogether Event]: https://gettogether.community/events/7827/seagl-2020/
    - [Facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/SeattleGnuLinuxConference
    - [Facebook Event]: https://www.facebook.com/events/355988355720658/
    - [IRC/Matrix]: #SeaGL
- Mailing Lists
    - [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
    - [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social
- Documents
    - [Social Media Schedule] https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/outreach/social_schedule.md
    - [Outreach documents] https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/SXjcZ5pZrojEKbA ( read-only )
    - [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing ( deprecated )
    - [original "style guide"]: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/85

---

#### Website & Technical (sntxrr, Andrew)
- [DONE] Primary Jitsi server and backup Jitsi server are in place and configured
    - Is Jitsi for hallway track, or also speaker-volunteer?
    - just for the hallway track
    - Ok and BBB for speaker-volunteer right?
    - yeap! fsf hosted
    - ddd
- [DONE] All speaker rooms have been pre-created
    - [TODO] need to use the API to get internal IDs of the meetings
    - [TODO] scripting the stream swapping
- [DISCUSSION] First BBB plugin streamer is setup, need to identify 2nd, 3rd for those (one per "room" is ideal)
- [DECIDE] Need to spin up KiwiIRC in final location
- [DECIDE] Need to spin up IRCBOT in final location
- [DISCUSSION] Azure for captioning/streaming

##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)
- Deprioritized till after conference

##### OSEM (Andrew)
- No work on migration to upstream until after conference.
- Added a hopefully more helpful API.

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [DONE] (Andrew) let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hoursâ€¦
- [TODO] (Andrew) add GMT times to website
- [DONE] Primary Jitsi server and backup Jitsi server are in place and configured
- [DONE] All speaker rooms have been pre-created

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] need to use the API to get internal IDs of the meetings
- [TODO] scripting the stream swapping
- [TODO] look into why seagl email is going to spam, spf headers, etc

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
    - I can help getting a dev version setup Andrew (sntxrr)
- [TODO] (Salt) get keith trello access and the initial list of asks
    - I wouldn't mind Trello access too- Don (sntxrr)
- [TODO] change social account logins to use social@seagl.org address
    - [ ] (Salt) Twitter
    - [ ] (??) Facebook
    - [ ] ?? what other accounts do we have?

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster
- [OSUOSL Trello board]: https://trello.com/b/1b97B6Ud/seagl-migration

---

#### Audio/Visual (Romeo)
- Reached out to Castr and got a hold of a person who forwarded our request for sponsorship to the Marketing department.
    - Great work!
- Still stitching Teagl toasts
- Will be making ad-roll to play between talks
    - short videos to pump up our sponsors, upcoming talks, maybe party, and TeaGL 
    - mention Women in Linux too

##### IRC Bot (Tree)
- user count per channel metrics working! outputs to web api
- removes self from inactive channels and watches for impending channel limit

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [In-Progress] setup jitsi server before racking in datacenter
- [TODO] add nicks to seagl freenode org and bot admin list
    - freedeb, nhandler, bcotton, FLOX_Advocate, sntxrr, lucyw, keith

##### New TODOs

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description etherpad]

##### Important Links
- [Homebrew conference platform documentation]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_techstack_documentation

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- Really, really, need final details about A/V for speakers so we can send out email 
    - list of things you need:
        - where to send (pre-recorded) video and slides
        - how to test and when and who will be available to help speakers
        - url for each speaker
        - timeline for day of
        - documentation of how to use
        - How will Q&A be handled?
        - Technical requirements
        - Who to contact with technical issues?
        - What role will volunteers play (intro, relaying questions, time management)?
        - Opting out of recording of talk / providing licensing details?
        - What needs to be done to accomodate transcriptions / how/when will they appear?
    - Not tech, but we should also include any asks we need
        - Shipping address
        - Opt in / Opt out instructions?
        - Link to volunteer form

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year
- [TODO] offer pre-recording & practicing times
- [TODO] Send email out to confirmed speakers reminding of a couple details like 20m timeslot
- [TODO] (Salt) schedule a time to test tech stack for presentors (pre-recorded, live, q&a, etc.)
- [TODO] add speaker/talk name list to blog post
- [TODO] review programming schedule for text content (anyone)

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Rachel) Reach out to 5th keynoter informing them we are going with 4 due to lack of communication
- [TODO] (Salt) send email template for speakers
- [TODO] add the party and social events to the schedule

##### Bikeshed

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)
- What details does Mako need for Friday evening bartending/food event?
    - He should share list of ingredients and we should give him a link to promote his event to folks
- The plan currently for party is to do scavenger hunt and trivia.
- We still need mc's! 
- Scavenger hunt: Deb provided tons of things on: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track but we could use more! 
- Trivia: we have no questions so far.. Anyone know anyone from LFNW or SCALE trivia folks to get some questions from them?
- still need to work through logistics for this
- rewards for the games?
    - free attendance for next year xP

##### Reminders
- add things to the hallway track brainstorming pad (listed below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (everyone) generate trivia questions

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (everyone) generate more scavenger hunt items
- [TODO] writeup day-of logistics for afterparty
- [TODO] explore rewards for playing/winning the games
- [TODO] find mc's for afterparty events
- [TODO] pin down details for Mako's Friday night happy hour
- [TODO] (Salt) Ask Mako to add a list if ingredients for folks to follow along with his party

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- Reached out to the FSF about outstanding contracts, etc
- Reimbursements are in their own sub-category
- 2019 books moved to bikeshed, still a few tiny issues
- Finance  committee should be two year committment, Hans will do next year and try to pull in an understudy for 2021
- We can still take sponsors
- Non-profit sponsors, You can list OSI
    - (OSI happy to make SeaGL an affiliate member, eg list SeaGL on the OSI website)

##### Reminders
- Reach out to your employer and other potential sponsors with the prospectus (listed below) and update the lead sheet so we don't double up (also below)
- Update lead sheet when you contact a potential sponsor

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [DONE] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [On-Going] get sponsors on website
- [DONE] (Deb) Follow up with FSF about matching SeaGL's gift to Women in Linux
- [DONE] (Alison) follow up with Hans offline about what Indeed needs in terms of a sponsorship document
- [TODO] (Hans) follow up with Alison/Indeed regarding a quote about why Indeed wants to support SeaGL
- Reimbursements
    - [In-Progress] (Salt) reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
    - [DONE] (Salt and Adam) take over payments to the physical storage rental space
    - [In-Progress] Take over AWS bill from Rob
    - [TODO] reimburse Keith $100 for Hopin, a second month now as well

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] reach out to non-profit sponsors

##### Bikeshed
- [In-progress] follow up with FSF about finalizing 2020 books, get update on cashlog (Hans)
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
    - Sorry what is this for?
    - Bikeshed, so not too important right now...
    - the idea was to have discounts/vouchers at local restraurants
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=166062536
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf
- [Sponsorship FAQ]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPqypsOF2ONfKCVd3D_tiGqS5i13SbVePD-aPEEPYQg/edit

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- less than 2 weeks till the conference!
- let's start collecting [seagl 2020 feedback]
    - https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/eenxfWgqKFKCQwaE

##### Speaker Gifts
- in progress, working on how to ship speakers
- Post office is a bit tricky? 

##### Honoraria
- The post about Women in Linux, we should ask Tameika for a quote

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] (Deb) Talk with Tameika and say that we're funding something specifically vs. here's a pile of cashola ($2000 earmarked)
- [TODO] draft blog post about honoraria changes

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (Salt) confirm that everyone who should be on CoC@seagl.org is on

##### Bikeshed
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs (thank you to interrem/folks lacking a co-chair)
    - Finance & Fundraising (thanks Hans)
    - Logistics & On"Site" (thanks Deb)
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track (thanks Keith)
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how their committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/
- [seagl 2020 feedback]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/eenxfWgqKFKCQwaE

---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [/] SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
    - Still needs to be done at some point
- [ ] Keynote Introductions/Announcements
    - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
    - incoming from programming committee
    - [TODO] (Salt) check if this is done
- [/] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [ ] Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers
- [ ] A shorty about our social stuff? 

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- ~~Virtual attendee party idea: September~~
- ~~Announce talks: Mid October~~
- ~~Testing of speaker infrastructure: Mid October~~
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: November
- Volunteer training: 2 weeks before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, November 9 @ 5pm PT
    - **LAST MEETING BEFORE SEAGL 2020!!!**
    - 90 minutes, will ask in advance if their part needs to be in first half
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.11.09
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->


## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Deb, excited about virtual event, 
- Don, excited and nervous
- Ben, can't believe it's already here! (I have a talk to write!)
- Andrew is fine, worried that we're missing some tech stuff
- Tree, excited but nervous, glad we have two weeks
- Hans, we've been doing so much and now so much more, lots of people came in, so happy but nervous
- Romeo, excited, putting together videos
- Salt, ecstatic to have such a great team, also forgot I have a talk to write!

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->
<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->



