<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2020-09-14 SeaGL Weekly All-Hands
- September 14th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time

## Big Blue Button
- BBB URL: https://testgreenlight.fsf.org/sal-6u2-cnq
- BBB access code: 525659

## Minutes from last meeting
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200907-allhands.md

## Attendees
- From last week: Salt, Rachel, Andrew, Nathan, Keith, Monica
- Current: Salt, der.hans, Lucy, Rachel, Keith,Tree, Monica, Alison (late)
- Apologies: Ben Cotton Nathan, Andrew, Deb


<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- Rachel

## Metrics (previous -> current)
- Keynotes Confirmed: 3 -> 3
- Talks Submitted: 61 -> 85
- Speakers Submitted: 48 -> 64
- Ambassadors: 9 -> 9
- Sponsors: ??
- Registrations: ??
- Social Shares: ??
- Office Hours attendance: ??

## Review previous meeting feedback
- Andrew: good meeting given the holiday
- Rachel: good meeting, felt productive, excited about nailing down tech stuff
- Keith: good meeting, thanks, glad we talked about infrastructure/tech stuff
- Nathan: Jitsi and I are still not on speaking terms.


<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->


## Agenda

### Committee Updates

---

#### Impresario (Salt)


##### Speaker Gifts
- Still fairly comitted to trying to get custom answers, still haven't found a reasonable price
- IF we scrap custom answers, does a blue/white 8ball with the seagl logo seem like a good fallback?
- How many should we plan on? ~50 or ~100 Seems like closer to 50
- these can be promotional items in the future.
- keep sending phrase suggestions
    - 'sudo yes' ? exit code 0?
    - killall -9

##### Honoraria
- Email from FSF suggests that we need to be very clear that we are emphasizing BIPOC applicants but not selecting on that
- Having the checkbox about under represented seems fine, but we can't have one that specifies something about race (or other protected classes)
- may take so much effort/work, but feels less valuable when we can't be specific about the intention
- should start sooner for next year, can budget money this year for this effort
- [TODO] (Salt) update copy/date and LGT reviewed/merged, see if this is even worth doing
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/blob/master/_posts/2020-08-05-honoraria.md

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] fill out remaining chairs (thank you to interrem/folks lacking a co-chair)
    - Website & Technical (thanks Andrew)
    - Finance & Fundraising (thanks Hans)
    - Promotion & Outreach (thanks Hans)
    - Logistics & On"Site" (thanks Deb)
    - Attendee Party & Hallway Track (thanks Keith)
- [TODO] audit then add email alias descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee
- [TODO] (chairs) determine how thier committee can promote anti-racism at SeaGL
- [TODO] fill out impresario [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] audit current @SeaGL email accounts so we don't hit limit of XXX accounts
- [BUMP] talk to mako about cooking friday / cocktail hour
- [DONE] Figure out honoraria

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [seagl2020@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2020/

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)
- CFP is closed, just over 80 submitted
- (Salt) lets clean up the reminders and any TODOs now that CFP is over
- (Salt) after attending SotS, I think we might want to default to preferring pre-recorded?
    - speaker introduced by tech, speaker introduces video, video plays, speaker comes back on to respond to q/a
- might be nice to have options to have volunteers help with pre-recording
- suggest live performances for Performance Art or Music or Comedy or other things that could benefit


##### Reminders
- Office hours, Wednesdays at noon in #seagl on freenode (Everyone is welcome! Not just programming)
- Please volunteer for a shift or two for SeaGL office hours, Wednesdays 12pm PDT
    - [office hours signup]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/SS4ZA6FfT6Y3ygL
- [DONE] Please share CFP on your channels! Particularly to folks who wouldn't usually travel, or otherwise remote folks
- [DONE] Personally invite 2-5 people to submit talks to the CFP (or 15, go you!)

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] get confirmations from keynotes
- [TODO] eventually do a run through of pre-recorded talks
- [TODO] review site for readability / findability of conference details, e.g. we're remote this year
- [DONE] (everyone) Promote CFP extension!

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] offer pre-recording & practicing times

##### Important Links

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)
- created sponsorship FAQ ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPqypsOF2ONfKCVd3D_tiGqS5i13SbVePD-aPEEPYQg/edit ) (Hans)
- updated Sponsor Registration Form, please review ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eYhGEy4AxHJ-fyMreGGKnDgU5jz6ZYN7inTnikIu4Zc/edit ) (Hans)
- Platinum sponsor: Amazon (Deb)
- budget discussion w/ Salt (Hans and Salt)
- We are ok for our budget for this year, thanks in great part to recent plat sponsor Amazon
- we are working to be in a good position for next year too.
- contacted tea company about sponsorship (Hans)
- Allen Institute ready as community sponsor (Hans)
- Speaker gift update (Salt)
- new member for budget committee!  yay!  der.hans AND another person!

##### Reminders
- Reach out to your employer and other potential sponsors with the prospectus (listed below) and update the lead sheet so we don't double up (also below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-Progress] find independent restaurant association for Pacific Northwest
- [In-Progress] start spreadsheeet of restaurant associations
- [In-Progress] (Hans) put together another f&f committee meeting
- [TODO] (Salt) talk to Red Hat about sponsorship
- [DONE] review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- [TODO] add new fundraising sources from last year, old documents, recommendations, meetup group's sponsors
- [TODO] Hans will CC nhandler@seagl.org and Outreach and follow-up on email thread
- [TODO] reimburse Adam for physical storage rental space
- [TODO] take over payments to the physical storage rental space
- [TODO] Take over AWS bill from Rob
- [In-Progress] follow up with Indeed on captioning sponsorship (Deb and Hans)
- [In-Progress] (Lucy) Ask Puppet and New Relic for $$$
- [DONE] update sponsor registration form now that we are virtual
- [In-Progress] update lead sheet

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] schedule committee meeting with new volunteer (Hans)
- [TODO] follow up with plush seagull vendor (Hans)
- [TODO] Alison to take back sponsorship question to Indeed, they want to help specifically with the transcription!

##### Important Links
- [Budget]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=166062536
- [Lead Sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0
- [Sponsor Prospectus]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf
- [Sponsor Registration]: https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf
- [Sponsorship FAQ]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPqypsOF2ONfKCVd3D_tiGqS5i13SbVePD-aPEEPYQg/edit

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)
- (Salt) could you put together an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers?
    - by this, I mostly mean attending the weekly meetings and such
    - Yes!
- Are we definitely doing BBB?
    - Andrew will integrate the live video to our website.  Not yet settled on tech stack - more detail down-doc.
    - We want folks to not have to be Pretty Technical or even a little technical to have to use this.
- Someone asked about being removed from a mailing list - not sure how to do that?
- https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/830436/32e90fdf8ae0cf7f/ Great read on how LPC used Big Blue Button + running a conference!

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [In-progress] (Lucy) Continue running Seagull naming contest
- [In-progress] (Lucy) Reach out to list of email lists about CFP + volunteer opportunities
- [TODO] (Lucy) Call for Volunteers blog post
- [TODO] (Lucy) Start planning email schedule + volunteer training
- [TODO] (Lucy)  an "onboarding" document for new "staff level" volunteers (regular decision making throughout the year, not specifically day-of)

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Volunteer signup sheet]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AdXzqycgXF0AkOgWWxwY2_goUqNkdr014aYkpkn-m1g/edit?usp=sharing
- [Volunteer descriptions + email templates]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/volunteer-position-descriptions

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)


##### TeaGL (Monica)
- [Revised sign-up sheet with Magic 8 Tea Ball]: https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/qsiw2pCb5sKPPaCg
- To determine how many weeks in advance participants will need in order to take part in TeaGL.
    - ~ 4w ?  So that is Oct 9 (~3w from today, Sept 14).

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] review JS's list, not yet, sorry, especially for hallway/social -- we have a few more to go
- [TODO] work with logistics and volunteer and program about great guides for giving talks with our system (once we have the tech worked out) 
- [DONE] Change teagl signup settings to make form viewable by all
    - https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/qsiw2pCb5sKPPaCg
- [DONE] Have sign-up deadline for teagl, Oct 9
- [TODO] (Rachel) update teagl pr with link and sign-up deadline

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)
- Good reception from WSeaLUG, putting out more feelers for systems people
- Two volunteers to work on the Jitsi/IRC hallway track project, sntxrr and Tree
- for a/v: having everyone have a dedicated audio and video stream is very intensive, so we are trying to have a solution where only the speaker is streaming, and it is passive for all listeners.
- chat: "Kiwi IRC", a web client for IRC has Jitsi integration, with great indexing of the new chat rooms & data about these rooms
- new users can access everything thru kiwi irc, and a bot will regularly link to video happening at the moment.
- embedding video IN irc!  whoa
- backup is Hop-In, which we'll need to pay for but we'll get actual support.  for something this tenuous we gotta have a good backup plan!
    - backup Hop-In is that estimated absolutely higheset cost would be $1000 (but probably more like $200-$400).
- opening up to commercial solutions offers a lot of potential solutions, would be nice to consdier a free software product.
    - keith and salt have done the research and concluded that Hop-In offers the best feature set.

##### OSUOSL transition (Salt)
- No updates
- Ask Salt for Trello access
- Any volunteers to translate our wishlist email to concrete steps?

##### OSEM (Andrew)

##### IRC Bot (Tree)
- python bot using twisted for some IRC chat ops, creating rooms and automated messaging

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [BUMP] (Salt) find new chair(s)
- [BUMP] (Andrew) get osem hosted somewhere for programming to start trying
- [BUMP] change social account logins to use the social@seagl.org address
    - [TODO] Twitter
- [TODO] let's list somewhere visible what the conference hours will actually be on nov 13/14 - in Pacific hours and GMT too!! Highlight on social too.

##### New TODOs
- [TODO] (der.hans) ask the jitsi folks if they have some of the chat bot stuff already re their IRC integration

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion]: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- [Mastodon/Twitter crossposting]: https://github.com/renatolond/mastodon-twitter-poster
- [OSUOSL Trello board]: https://trello.com/b/1b97B6Ud/seagl-migration

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)
- Waiting on Jitsi server to be configured
- Discussed potential fallback options

##### Reminders
- add things to the hallway track brainstorming pad (listed below)

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] connect with Hans about restaraunt associations
- [TODO] fill out [domain description]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- [TODO] test irc/jitsi integration solution, https://github.com/kiwiirc/plugin-conference
    - Super slick, but not working! Needs debugging to make it work for a hallway track. One-click Jitsi room with link.
    - Need to code up a bot to capture link and send queries, so anyone can create chat rooms and/or join them
- [TODO] (Salt) Talk to Mako about doing a cooking night.
- [In-Progress] setup jitsi test server


##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [hallway track brainstorming]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)
- Romeo is unavailable for next few weeks.

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] Work with Ian to take the FSF site out for a test drive
- [TODO] figure out how to have 3 (or a different number) volunteers for each concurrent talk
- [TODO] work with Hans to get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [TODO] fill out [domain description](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)
- (Salt) lets clean-up/update the TODO list here
- promoted final office hour and cfp closing (Hans)
- thanked ambassadors for help with cfp, promoted upcoming events from groups in the ambassadors project (Hans)
- seagull mascot naming tournament down to finals (Lucy)
- VM Brasseur interview posted to site
- VM Brasseur quote images posted to twitter (Nathan)

##### Reminders

##### Previous TODOs
- [TODO] (Hans) look at sticker pack examples and create description
- [TODO] look into whether we can order another inflatable seagull
    - http://www.antibes.co.uk/inflatables/ok/E1851897724.htm
- [TODO] plan badge/schedule that people can print and customize to build creativity and self identification
- [TODO] post and promo for ambassadors initiative
- [TODO] create schedule of topic/pin update verifications
- [TODO] end of meeting reminder to update pins/topics, etc.
- [TODO] theme blog post
- [TODO] promote SeaGL2020@
- [TODO] (Hans) bring in new blog posts from promo mtg
- [In-Progress] (Deb and Hans) talk to Indeed about why they love sponsoring diversity efforts
- [TODO] Submit a request to OSWD (http://www.oswd.org)
- [TODO] figure out the minimum submission of a request for a press kit to a design site
- [TODO] update flyers for virtual
    - use pandemic logo
- [TODO] create blog button

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing
- [Ambassadors mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/ambassadors
- [social@seagl.org mailinglist]: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/social
- [style guide]: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/85

---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->
- [ ] SeaGL Theme, can be used to fill gaps
    - Still needs to be done at some point
- [ ] Keynote Introductions/Announcements - After all have been confirmed
    - Explaining Keynote Selection Process, why experienced/less experienced
- [x] (Lucy) Name the SeaGL seagull competition ðŸ¦†, by end of week so week to submit ideas
- [ ] Highlight the hours that the conference takes place on social
- [/] announce ambassadors initiative (Hans)
- [ ] Keynote interviews (maybe before CFP closes to hype up CFP)
- [ ] Ideas about mixing pre-recorded/live talks for speakers
- [ ] Call for volunteers
- [/] TeaGL, from Monica in a week or so

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- ~~CFP: Middle of July until mid-August~~
- ~~First contact for Sponsors: Beginning of August~~
- Virtual attendee party idea: September
- Testing of speaker infrastructure: Mid September
- Announce talks: Early October
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- Volunteer training: week before the conference
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- Monday, September 21 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.09.21
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->


## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round
- Alison: was a bit late but meeting was informative, will try to make more
- Rachel: felt very productive, feeling better about stuff, looking forward to digging into proposals and tech
- Der.Hans: productive meeting, things are going well, glad to see new faces, dissapointed about honoraria, think we are setting things up for next year
- Keith: good meeting, look forward to figuring out the tech stack
- Salt: Disappointed along with all of us about the honoraria, but very excited about new faces :)


<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->
