<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# 2020-04-27 SeaGL Bi-Weekly All-Hands

- April 27th, 2020. 1700 Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20200413-allhands.md
- Attending: Salt, Andrew, Rachel, Lucy, Prasket, der.hans, Deb, Lisa

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker

- Lucy

## Metrics

- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits

- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/

### Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Conversation queuing

- three discussion mechanisms: hand symbols (below), call for a round (talkingstick passing, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped), open discussion
- "o/" or "/" means that you have something to say and want to be put in the queue
- "c/" or "?" means that you have a clarifying question and want to jump to the top of the queue
- "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
-  ">" as an indicator of understanding someone and the point can be concluded, please move on

### Notetaking

- "???" on the etherpad means the notetaker missed something and needs assistance capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback

- deb: went great, start thinking about funny themes
- lucy: happy thinking about people having an impact, nice to hear good news, seagl is bright spot
- rachel: loving meeting format, taking longer but effect at each step, easy to follow, appreciate everyone's patience
- andrew: not much to say, echo about good format, sort of great to have early go/no-go date
- lisa: echo meetings are very structured and effective
- hans: format seems to be working well, quite productive for early on, already grabbing and using for local group

## Last meeting TODO review

- (Salt) Finalize 2019 cash log
- [DONE] (Salt) setup ambassadors@seagl.org
- (Prasket or Salt) add email audit descriptions to single document source on GitHub org repo
- [DONE] (Salt) add der.hans to finance committe for now
- (Finance committee) add sponsor reach-out email template to... ?
- [DONE] (Deb) talk to Duane about 2019 Indeed sponsorship
- (hans && ???) Get blog post together about our 2019 a/v setup and other conferences we spoke to
- [DONE] (Salt) reach out to Romeo about a/v tasks
- [DONE] (Adam, Deb, Salt) reach out to at least two sponsors who have been returning, ask about their thoughts regarding everything
- [DONE] (Deb and Rachel) bring complete discussion point for virtual or hybrid
- [IN-PROGRESS] (Finance committee): review 2019 cash log and write initial 2020 budget
- (Deb) will talk to Red Hat
- (Rachel) get together with Nathan to discuss how virtualizing stuff affects programming
- [DONE] (Salt) follow up with Prasket about email audit

<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda

<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 48 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->

### Open 2019 Business

- Budget/cash log update (Salt)
- Deb: Indeed sent money!

### Org Structure

- [domain description etherpad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs)
- der.hans has put in some great examples!

---

### Committee Updates

#### Virtual Attendance (Deb, Rachel)

- FSF has been running their conf through the icecast (?) and offered infrastructure to use, and if we had in-person event we could still use it.
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [hallway track possibility from der.hans](https://qiqochat.com/about)
- Did Lisa get word back about whether classes will be happening? No more info than last meeting, but hopefully next meeting
- Need to run a remote conf a bit differently than a local one, including having volunteers watch the remote channels
- We should probably make the conference virtual, and we should decide now:
    - We want to be able to offer guidance to speakers on their talks, and a virtual talk is so different from an in-person one
    - Speakers should also know so they can prepare
    - Getting sponsors, they'll want to know if it's virtual or not
    - It will be easiest for us, scrappy volunteer run conference to pick one track and virtual track is safest
    - In addition to being the safest, choosing virtual now with lots of time means we can pioneer some really awesome virtual activities.
    - Even confs that are partially virutal to begin with have had a hard time 'pivoting'
    - We can focus more on our mission and do a fantastic job 
- Salt is still a bit hesitant...
- Hear from everyone:
    - Salt: Hesitant - hybrid is the way we want to head one way or the other, so feels less like giving something up. There are also some conversations that ...[we might still need to have]. Also still in an unknown space with the Uni. Pro-waiting until next meeting.
    - Andrew: feeling unqualified to weigh in (No you're on the call! as qualified as anyone!)
    - Lisa: Even if in 2-3 weeks we decide to have on-campus presence in Fall, things may change. We'd have to sign contract now, but things could go sideways before November. 
    - Rachel: Hesitant to share strong opinion, but feels strongly we should go virtual. Even if we can, we probably won't get walk-in traffic. Can we still have the school be able to participate, virtually? On the topic of trying to do hybrid, might make sense if we were funded but for us it'd be hard to plan for both.
    - Prasket: Feels virtual is the way to go. We don't know what's going to happen, easiest to go virtual.
    - der.hans: Suggested we wait, but sooner seems better, most likely going to be virtual anyway. Think about how to support the Uni. SeaGL has been regional community event, how do we support those groups? 
    - Deb: Lose the physical presence of being at the school, wants to hear from Lisa if we'd be able to keep being at the school if we go virtual this year....Doesn't preclude future events, also interested in making connections with the college community online if we go that route, plus opportunity to pioneer a great virtual conference
    - Lucy: Agree with Rachel's thoughts, deciding now is right, full virtual is right, lucky that we are even able to do this, safest and can do the best job by going all-in on virtual, if we get closer and there is an in-person, that's something we could consider
- Super into helping the college and PNW area, and can make it part of our mission
- Should be something we come back to talk about
- Should be part of outreach committee going forward
- Plot twist: we have get to work together â™¥
- Salt agrees we should go virtual. Trying to keep local feeling is important. Do we need a virtual committee anymore? Every committee is now kind of virtual.
- Deb agrees about every committee being virtual. Next todo: each committee think about how they're going to keep the seaglness of seagl going forward. Ideas: might have more $$$ that we can do things with, especially without facility. Scholarship? Donate laptops? Brainstorm. Exercise left to the reader: think about seaglness of virtual conf
- Stab in the dark amnt $5k for us to use (potentially) from savings of not being physical
- [TODO] (everyone) think about and write-up responses to the follow:
    - Here's what we will be doing to support the SeaGLness of the conference, and carry on the mission
    - Here's what we will be doing to make this virtual conference succeed
    - Here's how we will support the local PNW community and Seattle Central College
- [TODO] (committee chairs) write these explicitly into the domain descriptions, at least two ideas per item per committee

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (der.hans, ??)

- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing)

- added domain descriptions ++
- ambassadors@ is up
- reached out to some specific people about being ambassadors to other organizations
- Once have more folks setup P&O meeting to figure out what to do going forward

##### Stickers (der.hans or Andrew)

- No update
- Virutal stickers? Mail stickers?
- Registering 1 month in advance could get you a sticker packet in the mail mayber OMG OR BUTTONS :D
- OOOOO SEAGL print FACE MASK
- Ok sorry I'll stop the caps.
- MORE TO COME

---

#### Fundraising & Finance (??, der.hans)

- [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376)
- [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0)
- [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf)
- [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf)

- added domain descriptions
- had kickoff meeting
- meet monthly
- meet with variety of tools to test things out (BBB, jitsi, mumble)
- use conference bridge as fallback if technical issues w/ service delay meeting start for 5 minutes
- prev tempates to derhans

---

#### Website & Technical (Prasket, ??)

- Email thing.
- This is going to be big because of it being virtual, going to be critical
- [TODO] Find someone to recruit folks to work on this

##### Review staff emails and group aliases (Prasket)

##### OSEM (Andrew)

- No update since last meeting; haven't found the time to work on it.
- Probably not ready for a full virtual conference
    - Discusion: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643
- More interest in it now with the virus, but for now we might want to go with another option
- One way or another there's going to be work spent on another tool, or on development on osem, in either case gotta assess other options and align with others solving the same problem
- Never had video recording and registration process connected, and there isn't a free software solution that does that
- Libreplanet does everything a heavily customized CiviCRM instance, LFNW did the same until the switched (drupal right?)
- Having osem be ready for full virtual, we don't use it during the conf. We use it before the conf, get screenshot, and then don't touch osem
- Our osem use this year shouldn't be that different from past years?
- Technical idea about how we can link cfp schedule to virtual conf.
- SCaLE uses Drupal
- [TODO DEB] Invite Ian to next planning meeting

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)

- No update - waiting on deciding whether the conf will be remote or not
- [TODO] consider who else to recruit for "core" team now that we are all virtual +1

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)

- Pretty much ran out of time at this point.

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

---

#### Food/Drink & Afterparty (Keith, ??)

---

#### Logistics & OnSite (??, Deb)

- [TODO] (logistics/onsite) investigate live transcription

##### SCC Update (Lisa)

- Will PROBABLY determine this by mid-May

---

### Using more FLOSS tools for organizing (Salt)

- currently considering options for meetings, replace Uberconference
- Big Blue Button, used by FSF, may be able to use their instance
-- Hans has a hosted instance that can be used
- Jitsi, supports inlining etherpad, anti-harassment tools are lacking
- Mumble, free software for audio calls
- Etherpad now supports a/v, https://video.etherpad.com/p/SeaGLTest
- techselection@seagl.org email list, more voices welcome

### Year eight theme (Salt)

- pieces of 8
- year of the spider
- inifinity
- lucky?
- eight ball
- octopus
- free software cubed
- crazy eights
- 8 wires in ethernet/cat5
- octagon, "stop in the name of FOSS"
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_octagonal_buildings_and_structures
- eight days a week... is not enough to show I care ...about FOSS!
- 8 wonders of the Free Software world
- Eight bits in a byte?
- OSI level/layer 8, Freedom!!!

### MISC

- Ok to say that we're going virtual? YES
- [TODO] (rachel) blog post about going virtual

<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 48 hours of the meeting) -->

- public goods conference, 24+ hour conference might happen that's in the FLOSS space where we might be able to participate
- live transcription for seagl:virtual talks? would love this omg yes, logistics comittee to investigate
- sock puppet lightning talks, with literal socks (performance art ftw) generally think outside of the box for seagl:virtual talks


<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->


## Timeline

- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- First contact for Sponsors: Middle of May [ need to redo prospectus]
- Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: Middle of May
- Keynote selection: May, start the solicit suggestions process?
- CFP open: Mid June
- CFP close: Mid August
- Make new party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting

- Monday, May 11th @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020.05.11
- Bi-weekly meetings through June (at least), Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round

- salt: thank you all
- deb: went well, good consensus building process, everyone on same page and excited for next step
- der.hans: got a lot done, big decisions moving forward, lots of new work
- rachel: happy with how everything went, moment during meeting with lots of feelings about working with everyone
- lisa: great meeting, respectful, meaningful discussions, excited about virtual event, happy to share things to students/sister colleges
- andrew: exciting, big unknown resolved, fun to come up with ways to maintain seaglness of conference, both seattle and emphasis on community, in the mood for brainstorming

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting: (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date (B) copy content from this pad into new one (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new (D) clear discussion notes, move TODOs to "Last meeting TODO review" (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list  (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank (G) update link in calendar -->


