<!-- Group chat usage on bottom right of this page, please update username and choose color in the top right of this page -->
<!-- Audio notifications for etherpad chat available on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/ -->
<!-- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Create a new bookmark with the below (select the whole line and drag to your bookmarks bar). You can adjust the width by changing "280" to whatever you want, in pixels.
javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();
-->

# *YYYY*-*MM*-*DD* *MEETING TITLE*
- *Month* *D**st,nd,th*, *YYYY*. *hhmm* Pacific Time
- Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
- UberConference URL: https://www.uberconference.com/room/kormoc
- Minutes from last meeting:
    - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/2020*MMDD*-allhands.md
- Attending: 

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note taker
- 

## Metrics
- Is this something we want? If so, what do we want to track? During CFP and when registration options, there are some obvious things

## Reminders on best-practice meeting habits
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- Use chat in etherpad (and add your name)

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- format is <!-- Timebox: 10 minutes (until hh:mm) -->
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Facilitation by topic
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

## Review previous meeting feedback
- 

<!-- One minute silence, check with ourselves mentally and personal notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate -->

<!-- Confirm agenda order, inform if leaving early so as to not interrupt -->

## Current Agenda <!-- Timebox: xx minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- Agenda Items  (Added 24 hours before the meeting or earlier) -->


---

### Committee Updates

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel, Nathan)

##### Previous TODOs

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Hans, ??)

##### Previous TODOs

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Handbills, Flyers, Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Oj2iFXFr7PpI9f7NKlNbnTUYStw7hQqu?usp=sharing )

---

#### Finance & Fundraising (??, Hans)

##### Previous TODOs

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit#gid=2079573376 )
- [Lead Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sz0gtvFNWTZruTvZlSKURYXHSRIhyCt4H-o-7nmbUrU/edit#gid=0 )
- [Sponsor Prospectus](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Exhibitor_Sponsor_Prospectus_2020.pdf )
- [Sponsor Registration](https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Sponsor_Registration_Form_2020.pdf )

---

#### Website & Technical (??, ??)

##### OSEM (Andrew)

##### Previous TODOs

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [Remote Conference Support Discusion](https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2643 )

---

#### Volunteers (Lucy)

##### Previous TODOs

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Audio/Visual Recording (Romeo)

##### Previous TODOs

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Party & Hallway Track (Keith, ??)

##### Previous TODOs

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- hallway track brainstorming, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_hallway_track

---

#### Logistics & On"Site" (??, Deb)

##### Previous TODOs

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- https://www.fsf.org/blogs/community/how-to-livestream-a-conference-in-just-under-a-week
- https://mhall119.com/blog/before-you-take-your-conference-online/
- [hallway track possibility from der.hans](https://qiqochat.com/about )

---

#### Impresario (Salt)

##### Previous TODOs

##### New TODOs

##### Important Links
- [domain description etherpad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs )

---


<!-- Late Agenda Items (Added within 24 hours of the meeting) -->


---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5min. if time -->

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->

## Timeline
- ~~"Save the date" flyers by March 4th~~
- ~~Virtual conference decision: Beginning of May~~
- ~~Keynote selection: May~~
- ~~Keynote voting: June 12~~
- ~~Select theme: End of June~~
- ~~Have OSEM repair/replacement implemented: End of June~~
- First contact for Sponsors: ~~Mid~~ Beginning of July
- CFP open: ~~Beginning of July until mid-August
- CFP close: Mid August
- Virtual attendee party idea: August
- Announce talks: Mid September
- Testing of virtual facilitation/speaker support: October
- SeaGL Nov 13/14

## Next Meeting
- *Month D**st,nd,th*. *hhmm* (PT)
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_*YYYY*.*MM*.*DD*
- Weekly meetings, Mondays @ 5pm PT

---

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes round

<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->

<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (D) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (E) update next meetings date and agenda link, clear attendee list
    (F) update old metrics, update date, leave new blank
    (G) update link in calendar (H) clear authorship colors
-->


