May 8th at 6pm,  SeaGL Planning Kickoff!

Dial in number: 206-922-5375
 UberConference URL: uberconference.com/kormoc
 No Pin needed

 Attending: Adam, Deb, VMB, Salt, Prasket, Rachel, Walter, Rob, Jeff

Conference is Nov. 15th and 16th 

Timelines:
For CFP, Live for the month of July - mid June even better, reviewing in August, speaker notification last week of August/first week of Septmber
For funding, new prospectus ready in two weeks, first asks out by the end of May
For advertising, etc. New posters and Save the date materials are ready to print, Stickers? 
In another month discuss forming a Onsite committee, 

 Committees: *Tasked with calling the first meeting
     Program - Rachel* (assisting), Georgia Reh, (Lucy?), Deb, Jeff

         Includes promotion, keynote selection and speaker coordination as well as the actual CFP

         Two groups, committee and reviewer

         Rough timeline:  https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/program/timeline.md

    Program statistics from last year: https://seagl.org/news/2018/09/03/CFP_acceptances_by_the_numbers.html (44% under-represented speakers)

     Volunteers - (Andy?), Salt, Prasket*, Deb
     Finance and fundraising - *Adam, Rob, Salt, Deb
     Web and Tech - Adam, Prasket, VMB, Rob*, (LFNW offered helped here, specifically James Mason)
      - Spinning up Symposion proof of concept, will be creating new infrastructure with documentation to make it v repeatable.
      - Even if we stay with OSEM, it will be on new architecture with great docs!  great!  thank you!
     Promotion and Outreach - Jeff*, Deb, Salt

    Flyer: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1j0JMS452fLM-xlfBlcfYfzHfPqt2F5U_

    Handbill: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1CGtm7mi1-B5lUXGiD269QBwB9V5zaO5G

     Audio/Visual - Salt*, (der.hans?), WSLUG folks, Walter, (LFNW offered helped here as well to bring down their equipment!), send details of what needs to be done to jeffsilverm@gmail.com and I will ask my nephew.  (walter still has room bag and wireless mic)

    keynote recording

    room recording


TODOs:
Salt to reach out der.hans and friend from LFNW table
Rachel to loop in Georgia
Jeff to ask Don Sheu for advice and then call the meeting for the outreach committee.
Prasket to invite WSLUG folks for A/V this call, etc.
Deb to talk with Andy and Lucy
Everyone on the lookout for volunteer outreach, invite them to all-hands
Salt connect Jeff with LFNW to get bag from Bham to Sea

Jeff: LFNW not so diverse, could *we* do better?   I think we can.  Bellingham is relatively far away and there is commitment of time away from home and fuel and lodging.   SeaGL is closer and it will be easier to pick and choose what they want to do.

Other: 
    SeaPug, tutorial day,Mini-confs? Time costs. - Remand the pre and post conf benefit idea to Finance to consider including prospectus. 
additional chairs per suggestion in 2018 Wrapup doc - party chair and food chair - possibly change of venue to someone's office who can offer it to us for free & permit us to bring in catering/bar?  silver cloud inn is spendy ($4302.22 last year)  How about the Garage?  https://www.garagebilliards.com/ .  They are a couple of blocks farther south on Broadway.


SeaGL 2018 Post-mortem: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Qv5cvb9vKejPEIQmCTcbOx0WLJdbK4e3v18SiNaT7iw/edit


Next Meeting: 
    May 20th, 6pm - 7pm 
