July 1st, 6pm (PDT)

Dial in number: 206-922-5375
UberConference URL: uberconference.com/kormoc
No Pin needed

Attending: Deb, Rachel, Lucy ♥, prasket, keith, Salt, Trevor
Minutes from last meeting, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_6.17.2019

Proposed Agenda:

Committee updates

Program - Rachel
 - CFP is open!!
 Blind review? Option "Blind Review" is On
  - Can SRE follow up to see if Blind review can be turned on, so we can't see names in the Event view on OSEM
  Personal invites are very effective, esp for folks underepresented
 - Keynote nominations? Salt to submit his list in the next 48 hours and let Rachel know
Mentorship/office hours will be happening once a week, with a special session at the end 
last 48h for keynote suggestions: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15hQAMUTlWTQGbzbTmN3m46NtoxuHfeeRhRZYQVmlcLo/

Finance and fundraising - Adam
please send us your fundraising leads
have we heard from Polyverse?
send along non-profit ideas too, please don't promise space

Web and Tech - Rob

    access to buffer? 


Promotion and Outreach - Jeff
 - Rachel sent out the proofs from last year for the stickers
 Rachel to start a sticker thread! get the big pile! Save your receipt!


Volunteers - Prasket, Lucy
Cascadia JS?
Compiling a list of meet-ups to go to and talk about volunteering with SeaGL, either now and/or again when the schedule is up

Audio/Visual - Salt
No update

Party venue - Keith
Keith to send the options with cost, distance and any other differentiating qualities

Theme??
Seven, lucky, it's prime, it's biblical
"A Prime Year for Free Software"


ToDo's

    Prasket to get with Adam about Blind Review issue on OSEM. 

    Prasket to add SeaGL to hexagon logo from last year sticker. 


Next meetings - do these work?
 * July 15
 Conservancy pub night! Join us from 7pm -10pm at McMenamin's Broadway Pub! The address is 1504 NE Broadway St, and it's about a 20 minute walk (or an 11 minute bus ride) from the Oregon Convention Center. SeaGL folks are all invited! 
Lucy, Deb, Rachel, Keith and Professor Salt will be at OSCON, eg in person. Committees are welcome to use the timeslot for their own meetings. 

 * July 29
