# 2019-09-23 SeaGL All-Hands

* September 23rd, 2019. 1800 Pacific Time
* Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
* UberConference URL: uberconference.com/kormoc
* Attending: Deb, der.hans, Salt, Rachel, Adam
* Minutes from last meeting: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_9.9.2019


## Committee Updates

### Finance and fundraising

Chairs: Adam, Deb, Salt

* held call Tue Sep 17
    * approved payment for Sat party => Salt reached out, waiting to hear back
    * 5 rooms confirmed (5th is speaker green room) + expo hall, BPH => Deb wrote to Lisa, waiting to hear back
    * Ada's bookstore => Salt reached out, yes, they want in-kind media sponsorship
* any update on DivCare PDX (Danelle) - http://www.divcarepdx.com/ ?
    * Yes! Questions for us: any kids under the age of 2? or kids who need extra help?
    * ...we need to know 2 weeks before the conference
    * (or is it if they are potty trained or not? -Hans)
    * we had a room with a closed door last year
* need updated cash log to confirm sponsorships so far

### Web and Tech

Chairs: Rob?, der Hans

### Program

Chairs: Rachel
 - Party planz: Lucy and Rachel to MC
 - Nathan putting Keynote blog posts up, please retweet
 - blog post of talk list to go up tomorrow
 - Schedule to be written for this weekend
  -- may need bigger instance size
 - blog post of talk selection after keynote posts go up
 

### Party Venue

Chairs: Keith, Salt
https://www.solerepairshop.com/
six hours, start as soon as the event is done and people can get there?
6pm, let people know there will be a real dinner
7pm ~2 hour(s) of entertainment
10pm finish time
Do lightning talks at the party 
Print an invitation, bring a name tag?
Say I'm with SeaGL
Venue is all-ages


### Onsite and Logistics
Could people optionally sign in?
Headcount for the rooms? Need a volunteer
Voucher for party?
Stars on a map to show where people are coming from?
Tally board saying where folks are coming from, or check a box
Or clicker?

Name tags/Registration: schedule and name tag combo last year
October 15th deadline for sponsors to get in to the schedule 
Schedule confirmed by this date as well

Special gifts for keynotes? What do we have from previous years?


### Promotion and Outreach

Chairs: Jeff
Deb and Jeff to talk this week 
Posters? Now is the time! 

### Volunteers

Chairs: Prasket, Lucy, Jeff
We've gotten some folks writing in
Time to send an email to announce about volunteering

### Audio / Visual

Chairs: Salt
Room bags, testing in progress

### Speaker Gifts
On the way! 


## TODOs ##
* Do all the retweets
* Send non-profit leads to sponsors@seagl.org
* Keep your eyes peeled for folks who would like to volunteer especially with posters!

Next meeting Sept 30th, weekly all-hands from here on out 
Keep having your committee communings
