# 2019-08-26 SeaGL All-Hands

  * August 26, 2019. 1800 Pacific Time
    * Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
    * UberConference URL: uberconference.com/kormoc

Attending: Adam, Rachel, der.hans

[lastmtgrcs]: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20190812-allhands.md "long-term storage in revision control"

[lastmtgpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_8.12.2019 "ephemeral collaborate real-time editing work-product"

Minutes from last meeting:
 * [https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20190812-allhands.md][lastmtgrcs]
 * [https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_8.12.2019][lastmtgpad]


## Committee Updates

### Finance and fundraising

Chairs: Adam, Deb, Salt

* sponsors! Indeed, Dragonchain
* soon: SchedulesDirect
* Childcare, TeaGL by Indeed -- need to transition to onsite committee
    * do we know who is on point for these, just setup/organization
    * re: childcare if we can get same group as last year, they should take care of everything (TODO Adam - who was that, again?)
* TODO Deb & Salt - do 3 more reach-outs this week


### Web and Tech

Chairs: Rob?, der Hans

* see SQL dump request from Rachel



### Promotion and Outreach

Chairs: Jeff

draft blog for "features of SeaGL" submitted for feedback


### Program 

Chairs: Rachel

* Program is about 2/3 worked out.  Working on making sure it's balanced for new/underrepped speakers
* email sent out to SRE for sql dump
* Great big beautiful shoutouts!
    * Julia and Terri brought great context from previous years
    * Nathan and Lucy hugely hugely helpful in all the decision-making required
    * Deb helped before and after with all kinds of awesome tips and tricks and great knowledge since she couldn't be there at the selection meeting
* Two confirmed keynotes, another who is hopefully super close to accepting, and the fourth is about to roll over to a different person.  Hopefully news soon!!

### Volunteers

Chairs: Prasket, Lucy, Jeff

* ?


### Audio / Visual

Chairs: Salt

* Deb provided contact to Ian at FSF who pointed out further documentation on how AV is done for LibrePlanet
* emailed SCaLE to ask about  their AV setup



### Party Venue

Chairs: Keith

* recommended by a friend in Seattle: https://www.gameworks.com/locations/seattle


## TODOs ##

* TODO Adam - who did childcare last year?
* TODO Deb & Salt - do 3 more reach-outs this week
* TODO Adam - see SQL dump request from Rachel to SRE

Next meeting:

September 9th, 6pm Adam to chair the next meeting! 

[nextmtgrcs]: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20190909-allhands.md "long-term storage in revision control"

[nextmtgpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_20190909-allhands "ephemeral collaborate real-time editing work-product"

 * [https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20190909-allhands.md][nextmtgrcs]
 * [https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_20190909-allhands][nextmtgpad]
