May 20th, 6pm (PDT)

Dial in number: 206-922-5375
 UberConference URL: uberconference.com/kormoc
 No Pin needed

 Attending: Deb, Andy, Rachel, Keith, Salt,Georgia, Hans, Rob, Trevor, Lucy, Jeff, Adam

Minutes from last meeting, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_5.8.2019  

Proposed Agenda

Committee updates

Program - Rachel*
https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/master/program
- have a solid committee: rachel, georgia, lucy, deb, Jeff, and advisorily Vicky
 - do we assist keynote speakers with travel/hotel -- Yes, domestic travel only generally  I disagree - Jeff - depending on how much money we have.... I'd like to do better for them.
- Rachel to send an email out to all for -- @Deb: To what alias? 
  -- keynote suggestions
  -- looking for people for strictly the proposal review; John Anderson, Emily Dunham, 
Program committee aliases: program@, reviewers@, speakers@.
Who has login to Buffer?  answer: Vicky.  Rachel will email.

Finance and fundraising - *Adam
Adam - you want me to start shaking down headhunters in the Seattle area? (suggestion: sponsor job board) -> Jeff volunteers for this. Agreed.
Do we have a sponsorship page? not yet  On the https://seagl.org/ page, there are two paragraphs labeled Exhibitors and Sponsors.  There is a pointer to an E-mail address sponsor@seagl.com.  Is somebody monitoring that E_mail address? Yes, sponsor@ forwards to finance@seagl.org (Adam, Rob, Deb, Salt)  I have no problem with extortion if it is for a worthy cause, and you can record this.

    Adam submitted forms for Twilio sponsorship (remember awesome Margaret Staples?) no word back yet

    Adam will schedule first Finance meeting

    need sponsorship prospectus

    need sponsor tracker spreadsheet

    needed to start reach outs to potential sponsors

    need sponsors/2019.html page in seagl.github.io repo

    Adam to meet with Trevor (new member of Finance committee!)

    expo hall table map/count - what was last year's count?  17


Hans will email seagl_organize@googlegroups.com with plan for resume + company matching program

Web and Tech - Rob*
Rob - I owe a mailing list ‚Äúaudit‚Äù email to staff@
Rob - dedicated time this weekend for Django setup
Hans is collecting the pads and putting them into the repo at https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/master/meetings/2019

Promotion and Outreach - Jeff*
I have sent several E-mails to the Seattle Parks Department community centers and have heard.... crickets.  Next target of opportunity is traditional black churches and mosques.  Also, I meant to reach out to Wendy Grus at PyLadies and The Association of Women in Computing at Western, in Bellingham, but that fell through the cracks - my mistake. 
Computer science departments at UW, SCC, NSCC, SU, SPU.  EE Dept at UW.  Amazonians?  Googlers?  Boeing?  Impinj.  Tommy Bahama.  
We are a 501(c)3 organization, aren't we?  If so, please send me our taxpayer ID number. 
example sheet from 2015-6: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TWB2MiVN62WLtn4O4qztZkNMYrUSbMQ_hJY_z0_x8iA/edit?usp=drive_web&ouid=101845690505320252641 I need access.
The FSF is normally eligible, and it's a great way to double your donation. If needed for the transaction, our tax ID is 042-888-848.  Thank you.

Deb to schedule a short call with Jeff in the upcoming week-ish  https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http%3A%2F%2Fpauseretro.com%2F4266-thickbox_default%2Frca-victor.jpg&imgrefurl=http%3A%2F%2Fpauseretro.com%2Fen%2Fcinema-tv-music%2F247-rca-victor.html&docid=C9UP5s-llkdc0M&tbnid=8tW0drAY3DsrgM%3A&vet=10ahUKEwj50cHovKviAhW-JzQIHYxfCiMQMwjuASgBMAE..i&w=800&h=800&bih=868&biw=1188&q=rca%20victor%20his%20master%27s%20voice&ved=0ahUKEwj50cHovKviAhW-JzQIHYxfCiMQMwjuASgBMAE&iact=mrc&uact=8

Volunteers - Prasket*, Lucy Jeff
* Andy can help coordinate volunteers days-of conference

Audio/Visual - Salt*
* Hans will chat with his local A/V person about making SeaGL this year
Keith!
LibrePlanet A/V folks volunteered to do tech consulting/advice re: their streaming+recording setup, yay! (David Test√©, Ruben Rodrigu√©z - ping Adam for LP 2019 notes and contact info for David & Ruben)

New party venue? Keith
Keith is reaching out to prospective venues, such as Century Ballroom, Sole Repair, Vermillion and others locally to find a location within walking distance to the event thats on the hill. 
The garage https://www.garagebilliards.com/events-reservations .  Also Seattle Central College has a cullinary arts program - https://culinary.seattlecentral.edu/for-industry - I think it would be fun if we partnered with them to do a party.  I think it might make it easier for our friends at SCC to keep sponsoring us for free if we support their program in some way.
I pinged Indeed about using their Seattle office for free, will keep folks posted
I have an expert at my disposal about the local artesian beer and cider scene.  https://www.schillingcider.com/ 
email me at keith@kodi.tv for any infos!

ToDo's

    where is SeaGL table bag? (was left at LFNW - staff there recovered it, they shipped it to Salt) üëç

    Jeff: What is your last name and current email?  Jeff Silverman, jeffsilverm@gmail.com  Please email me at rachel@seagl.org.  Done. I will get you a SeaGL alias made. Thanks Rachel (from Lucy)!  Thank you, Rachel (from Jeff).


Deb will nudge Prasket re: the volunteer committee to make a game plan
Deb to share other names for review committee with Rachel.

Next meeting
June 3rd, 6pm (PDT) Salt is likely chairing this one. 
Thanks Everyone!!
