# SeaGL 2020 Retrospective

[Origincal Retrospective Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LcmSBIiqMrwDtWxeAUrhHaLZTNjGts3HtSS9QWhuyb0/edit?pli=1)

Feedback for SeaGL 2019 -- put your thoughts for things that went well and things we could improve upon here. Thanks for sharing your thoughts!

## Planning & Timelines

* No one seems to have reviewed the post-mortems at the start of the season
  * An example, “Schedule a cross-committee expo hall experience meetings 2 months out or so?”
* We should all increase use of GitHub Org repository
* More Chairs, More Volunteers, More Grooming!
  * Subchairs? Co-chairs? Party, Food, Expo Hall, are examples, but basically, any of the headings in this document should become a Chair, if it has an &, then it should have at least two
    * Asking for 14 people
    * Which have to have two people? Programming
    * Which can be done remotely? E.g. afterparty probably needs someone local
    * Can we find someone doing similar work for another conference?
  * There seems to be a missing role that makes sure all the parts are moving rather than moving any one part. This could definitely be more than one person, but it would be great if these people aren’t also running other parts of the org. Potential names: producer, director, autocrat, impresario, general chairs, project manager
    * Each committee handing list of deliverables, impresario then doing check-ins
    * Not someone with deliverables themselves
* Would have been useful to know earlier what dates were going to be
* Would like to have gantt esque chart, both over the entire season and the day of
* Should have solid dates for internal deliverables
* Plan timing for committee meetings, e.g. planning and outreach should start about the same time as the kickoff meeting and also have regular meetings

## Audio/Visual Recording

* Have confirmation from recorder before starting keynote.
* Consider discouraging BYOD for speakers, and instead have machines w/ internet access available, tested, and plugged in. 
  * Bri brought 2 laptops and neither worked, ended up borrowing deb’s
  * ExtraHop could loan out chromebooks for the event if that tech works
  * People’s slides need to be done ahead of time, and what software is available
  * Can suggest things in CFP e.g. Impress
  * Can suggest that speakers bring their device in to the room before the presentation and work out the tech details before the day of the conference.  That implies that we have the room assignments done earlier, and that we arrange with SCC for the speaker to get into his or her assigned room sometime when it is not busy.
* Room bags should be labeled so we know if one has eq that needs to be repaired
* Recording bug reports  http://www.quickmeme.com/img/17/17ebf429e01544268bf3daaa8ea84ab18be3aaab1b2c54c727b8e78ac5890ac1.jpg
  * two speakers had problems in the same room ( 79? )
    * Johannes Ernst had problems during his talk using his mac
    * he had tested 2 hours earlier and verified it worked
    * his visual presentation relied heavily on photos of the food he's growing, he held up his laptop and displayed the pictures
    * he did a good job recovering from the issue and presenting his information
  * two speakers later the person had issues with a Chromebook
* How feasible is an overflow room with a live A/V feed from whichever talk is at capacity?
* Photographer.  Photograph policy.  We need to be aware of the fact that some people don’t want their picture taken.  Pictures of minors.
* FaiF live podcast went well, capture feedback from attendees for future PR
* Need memory cards for next year’s recordings
* Lavalier mics were nice, but some people still prefer regular mic, nice to be able to pass one around
  * Suggest 5 lavaliers, then one or two regular mics available on request
    * Some people prefer a handheld mic
    * Handheld mic for passing around room for audience participation
    * Handheld mic for 2nd speaker
* Room bags should be labeled so we know if one has eq that needs to be repaired
* Need to provide attendees/presenters with an ETA and where to look for published recordings.
* I have just (Dec 3rd, 2019) found that at my talk, the microphone was not turned on.  So there is a recording of me walking around the front of the room, changing slides, laughing with the audience, and 51 minutes of silence.   That’s a shame, because there were some good questions from the audience and I have no recollection of what they were.

## Finance & Fundraising

* We NEED to update the prospectus to not promise specific ratios
  * For instance, we missed this note, “From Adam with Rainier Connect (former sponsor, paraphrased): How do I donate money to SeaGL? You folks do an awesome job and I know this isn’t free. I want to volunteer, too. And I’ll see if Rainier Connect can sponsor next year.”
  * “Suggestion to change the prospectus to be Large/Medium/Small logo rather than the declared size.”
* Need quicker turn around on reimbursement
* (probably not a topic for the retrospective call, just capturing here for completeness) Consider our own not-for-profit. Would need board, by-laws, and tax help.  An intriguing idea.  I would like to see this expanded into a list of pros and cons:

|Good idea|Bad idea|
|---------|--------|
|It gives us more freedom to be in charge of our own destiny.|Insofar as I know, the FSF has been pretty responsive to us in exchange for running a table, which I thought was a fair swap.|
||Would need board, by-laws, and tax help|
|It will be easier to fundraise if we tell people to donate to us than to the FSF.|Last time I looked, the IRS charged $800 to get the paperwork done. There are rules that you have to be “in business” for a certain period of time.  We might pass that test already.|

* Clarify sponsorship levels, esp. regarding special treatment for local businesses.
* Some sponsors were confirmed late and didn't make it into print media.
* Add lanyard sponsor
* A bit of documentation around process for keynote reimbursement, at least internally
  * Outline reimbursement caps.

## Food/Drink & Afterparty

* Lunch
  * Table-sitters really appreciated getting first stab at the pizza!
* TeaGL
  * Would like teagl to be more organized, people didn’t know what to do
  * More diffusers
* Coffee
  * Lots of cold brew left
  * Decaf was finished and appreciated
  * ddiddiLook into coffee donations (~45-day lead time)
* FSF dinner
  * difficult to mingle, too tight of quarters
* Leftovers ( after event party, pizza, coffee, TeaGL, etc )
  * Get leftover containers for attendees https://www.amazon.com/Containers-Microwaveable-Kraft-Grease-Resistant/dp/B07W869W9R/ or something like this
  * Consider donating to shelter or food kitchen
  * Consider taking to an event the week after SeaGL
* After party
  * Food was much better at after party this year!!!    
  * Quieter upstairs area was great
    * Would still like to see more separated introvert/quiet space, board games and drawing style
  * Did not have raffle/giveaway
  * Having lightning talks or something more informal is nice, something that is an extension of creative/productive nature of the conference, not just unwinding
* Morning snacks
  * Needed something to slice the donuts

## Logistics & OnSite

* Need to buy paperclips to keep schedule closed, preferably SeaGL colors or perhaps color coded for privacy/approachability.
* Add reminder to get speaker gift to confirmation email.
* Take inventory of assets (room bags, large free-standing signs, power strips, etc)
* Move assets from Adam’s house to a storage unit ($62/month)
  * Storage units raise costs regularly once they know you don’t want to move stuff FYI.
* Hire an event planner
  * Uncertain based on community feel and cost
  * Can use this as a springboard of what would we want an event planner to do
  * Identify what tasks an event planner would do
    * identify which would fit impresario role
    * Distribute remaining tasks to other, including having an event planner chair if necessary
* Identify staff, wrist bands worked but weren’t most comfortable nor color coordinated.
  * Maybe something like this: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000LVVGVU/
  * Attendees didn't understand the meaning of the wrist bands.
  * T-shirts? Funny hats? Shoulder seagull?  Safety vests?
* Volunteer training, before the event, remote video session, mornings before the keynote
* Need to improve awareness of the first floor expo hall
  * Better signage is needed around the third floor.
  * Sidewalk signage funneling only into the south entrance was effective.
  * Announcements of TeaGL, coffee, lunch, etc. from room monitors would help.
* Onsite volunteer schedule available in advance
  * When they need to be there in the mornings
  * Room monitor schedule
* De-bottleneck registration and expo hall
  * Perhaps rearrange the tables at the entrance so that badges are farthest from the door.
  * Have an onsite contact person or two to handle day-of-conference issues.
* Attendees expected to find full session descriptions in print media, not just titles.
* I had trouble finding rooms - SCC’s signage isn’t as clear as they think it is.  Logistics
* WiFi coverage did not work well.  I assume that the problem was that SCC ran out of the electromagnetic spectrum, but it could be that APs or the routers ran out of bandwidth.  I don’t know how to test those assumptions without access to SCC’s infrastructure or some RF test gear.  Logistics.

## Programming & Flow

* Another example of not reviewing post-mortems that we can hopefully address day of:
  * “Next year, budget for more time during the keynote segment. This year it included only time for the keynotes, not for the housekeeping or the Cascadia Community Builder Award.”
  * Create event template including Cascadia, coffee breaks, TeaGL, etc.
* Pick keynotes BEFORE opening CFP (this is what we've always done until this year)
  * Hard to do this while also juggling CFP
* Better outreach for CFP - goal of 150 talks next year
  * There are one million and one terrific sources of information for how to increase diversity for conferences... need to read them & do the work
* Either some explanation of OSEM quirks, or a whole new OSEM??!
  * Update or replace, and better documentation either way
* Green room, near talk rooms,staffed with an a/v-capable volunteer next year
* A positive: I heard MANY people say they were so sad to miss the talk in the same slot.  Better scheduling is possible but too many is way better than not enough good talks at a time!  This is a justification for fast turn around of the videos.  In fact, it would be useful if we could get a talk video uploaded to a server in an hour.
  * Add keyword tags for talks? SCaLE asks for those as part of CfP e.g. network, operations, art software, word processing software, operating systems, hardware, scripting ….
* Job-board was poorly organized and advertised, include hashtag component, e.g. #SeaGLjobs
* View of calendar without the talks, e.g. breakfast, coffee, lunch, TeaGL, party
* Going at same time links on talk pages is awesome!
* 15 minutes between talks would be useful for speaker transition
* Next generation track, run and presented by 18 and younger.
* Would be nice to have “rolling thunder” session, 3 back to back speakers in same length as full
* 9am start time might be too early, consider 10am.  Does that mean we run later?
* Should we try to use a 5th track/room?  How many CfPs were “good” but not “Good Enough”?  That answers that question: not enough.  The more tracks we have, the more likely conflicts will occur when a person wants to attend two talks at the same time?
  * Consider a more asymmetric schedule with more time for keynotes in the morning and more simultaneous rooms in the afternoon.
* Lunch felt a bit off, maybe longer, maybe shorter, maybe started too early
* OSEM bug/confusion led to accidentally accepting more talks than intended, which resulted in programming quirks.
* Building schedule should not be one person job
* I’d like to pick a date sometime in the Spring of 2020.  Could we at least get an MOU (Memorandum of Understanding) with SCC so that we have a date?  Programming.
* Attendees were really into talks
* We had a speaker who gave first US talk


Opportunistic room counts ( + indicates observation of people being turned away by a full room ):

||3178|3179|3180|3183|BPH|Expo|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|15 10:45|35+|34+|25|17|||
|15 13:00|22|32|26|38+|||
|15 13:30||33+|32|38+|||
|15 14:45|18||||||
|15 15:15|27|16|19|26|||
|15 16:15||30|||||
|15 16:45|27|19|14|11|||
|16 09:30|||||89||
|16 13:00|13|35+|23|19|||
|16 14:45|||14||||

## Promotion & Outreach

* Having date set earlier would make this easier
* Keep list of conferences to table at beyond LFNW, maybe oscon and scale
* Tight management, chairs can help but need firmer hands on reigns
* Use tools to time release blog posts and tweets
* Get participant quotes on childcare, FaiF podcast, TeaGL, etc for future PR
* Jeff has a proposed process for reaching out to underserved communities.
* Should have dedicated meetings for promotion and outreach, earlier start for working on promotion.
* Speaker gifts have been positive
  * Next year, year 8, magic 8 ball
* Do a better job keeping a shared document of who and where has been contacted
* PR page with logos, etc for press kit

## Website & Technical

* We NEED to spend time on OSEM (or an alternative) before the season starts, preferably before LFNW’s season starts.  LinuxFest 2020 starts Friday the 24th of April and ends Sunday the 26th of April.
  * An example, we leaked speaker emails again and had to brute force comment out a code line to hide them.
  * Let’s set a date today to start spinning up a new OSEM instance
  * Create an upstream documentation if we use a newer version of OSEM
  * Display reverse chronological list of presentations on speaker profiles
  * Add keyword tags field for CfPs
  * Do we have a list of things we’re not happy with OSEM that we want to be fixed?
  * Document what we want for CfPs, e.g. what are the commercials?
* Do accessibility audit of main site and osem
* use reverse chronological display of presentations on profile
* Create and implement a plan on organized presentation of recordings, e.g. SeaGL 2019 page on archive.org or a page on SeaGL site with pointers to recordings for the year
* If we are continuing to use OSEM, would be nice to have one org as a maintainer
* Would be nice to have overhaul of jekyll website.
  * Needs to be more usable on small mobile devices.
* Try to use more FLOSS friendly social media
  * Would be nice to auto syndicate
  * Promote these links on website above standard players
  * Display some of this content on website
* Add to planning schedule events to upsize instance the week before SeaGL and downsize it again afterwards

## Volunteers

* Add AV volunteer to spreadsheet
* More training, esp giving speakers their gifts
* Give volunteers gifts as well
* Make it more clear what volunteer opportunities there are, org and day of, add to get involved on website

## Other/Miscellany

* People love the inflatable seagull, maybe other similar things?
  * Air Dancers
    * https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/Giant-cute-inflatable-bird-inflatable-bird_60756678120.html
    * https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/High-quality-inflatable-animal-air-bird_62126189227.html
    * https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/Realistic-waving-freely-inflatable-parrot-bird_60176655438.html (custom/paintable?)
    * https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/Inflatable-Humming-Bird-for-Advertising-Decoration_60353598024.html
  * Things to hang around
    * https://www.amazon.com/Large-Inflatable-SeaGull-Hawaiian-Beach/dp/B00BFDEUSY/
    * https://www.amazon.com/Fun-Express-36-2202-Decorations/dp/B00759I4E8
* No one used https://seagl.org/feedback
  * Maybe because it was a google doc?
  * Maybe we needed to do a better job of showing that the feedback even existed?
  * Add QR code and mention at bottom of all signs
* Don’t use term “post mortem”, “retrospective” is clear, maybe reframe in the onions/roses context

## Jeff’s comments

* My attempts to reach underserved communities was a fantastic failure.  I have a better idea for next year:
  * 1) Get a better understanding of what it is I am trying to do.  This should entail a discussion on this mailing list.  PC Interconnect will give us free laptops if we can justify them.  Hmm… Free Laptops, Free software, poor people - seems like a good fit to me, but it’s not intuitively obvious.  I need help with this because what is obvious to me might not be obvious to somebody else (I suspect this group might not be the best set of advisors).  Verify that PC Interconnect will let us wipe a donated laptop and put Linux on it.  Start this now. 
  * 2) Do a better job of working with PC Interconnect to get my grant proposal in plenty early.   Spring 2020 if not sooner.
  * 3) Locate thought leaders well in advance.  Start this in Spring 2020
  * 4) Send them letters (in the US mail) and E-mails describing (in prose, not a poster) what we want to do and why it is a good idea for the people they lead.  Ask them if they are willing to help.  Summer 2020
  * 5) Once I get a positive response, then send them an e-mail with a detailed description which we ask them to give to their people.  Early autumn 2020.
* I will write this up in more detail and send it to the  participate@seagl.org mailing list.  

## Hans’ comments

* Random feedback:
> “ok it's now official
> 
> I'm now homesick for a con I've never attended”
> In response to a mastodon posting about Bradley and Karen’s talk

## Rachel:

* First time running program, positive experience, look forward to doing again
* Well established things and good communication makes for a positive experience
* Make it easy to step into roles

Rachel: Remember, experience is proportional to the amount of equipment you’ve destroyed.

Thank you Hans’ for capturing meeting minutes!!!

## Past post-mortems

* [2013 post-mortem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LcmSBIiqMrwDtWxeAUrhHaLZTNjGts3HtSS9QWhuyb0/edit?pli=1)
* [2014 post-mortem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aCt8sSbc8ForkTWng92zD-_lzexSgyK1fo4gJA6d8fI/edit) / [and here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aCt8sSbc8ForkTWng92zD-_lzexSgyK1fo4gJA6d8fI/edit)
* [2015 post-mortem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xUq2duVDNo15rhKnyUS1f4m3IKAltGiQGO6mkpem51g/edit)
* [2016 post-mortem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19r4B5TF7Wypmztz256qNNiksPfvV5oOTcPLNWBY4Jm4/edit)
* [2017 post-mortem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1juW-f6St35eXS3mwi1GqitHqiJCe3uZtFQS09p-Z5Kc/edit#)
* [2018 post-mortem](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Qv5cvb9vKejPEIQmCTcbOx0WLJdbK4e3v18SiNaT7iw/)

Outline for collaborative meeting/call
https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2019_post_mortem


# 2019-12-2 SeaGL Retrospective

[Original pad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2019_post_mortem) on SF Conservancy instance.

* December 2nd, 2019. 1800 Pacific Time
* Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
* UberConference URL: uberconference.com/kormoc
* Minutes from last meeting: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_11.11.2019
* Attending: Rachel, Romeo, Andrew, Salt, der.hans, Jeff


\#\# Feedback for SeaGL 2019 -- put your thoughts for things that went well and things we could improve upon!

- Document found here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LcmSBIiqMrwDtWxeAUrhHaLZTNjGts3HtSS9QWhuyb0/

## Finance

* Adam received expense reimbursement (thank you Dawn!)
- Rachel to forward keynote reimbursements

## Gathering Gear / Delivering Missing Items
- Salt has a couple of items, incl one power strip
- Romeo has inflatable seagull (has been returned to Salt)
- We need to find/mail der.hans: red rectangular bag, 4in x 6in, adapters, in packaging inside neopreme bag, probably black


## TODOs
* Romeo is editing videos, has most of the footage
- make sure to thank people who do things that aren't seen at conference in blog posts and at next year's conference (e.g. video editors, everyone who showed up to retrospective)
- send speakers/volunteer their gifts
- send reminder email about feb 24 meeting slightly before and reminder to read retrospective before then
- add people to osem discussion group, send out message to get this going before we lose LFNW help


## 2020 Kickoff Meeting
- usually shortly before LFNW
- February 24, 2020 @ 6pm, make sure to read retrospective doc!!! https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LcmSBIiqMrwDtWxeAUrhHaLZTNjGts3HtSS9QWhuyb0/edit
