# 2019-09-09 SeaGL All-Hands

[lastmtgrcs]: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20190826-allhands.md "long-term storage in revision control"
[lastmtgpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_20190826-allhands "ephemeral collaborative real-time editing work-product"

[thismtgrcs]: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20190909-allhands.md "long-term storage in revision control"
[thismtgpad]: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_9.9.2019 "ephemeral collaborative real-time work-product"

* September 9th, 2019. 1800 Pacific Time
* Dial in number: 206-922-5375 (No PIN needed)
* UberConference URL: uberconference.com/kormoc
* Attending: Deb, Hans, Salt, Adam, Rachel, Lisa Jeff

* Minutes from last meeting
  * [https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20190826-allhands.md][lastmtgrcs]
  * [https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_20190826-allhands][lastmtgpad]

* Minutes from this meeting
  * [https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20190909-allhands.md][thismtgrcs]
  * [https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_9.9.2019][thismtgpad]

## Committee Updates

### Finance and fundraising

Chairs: Adam, Deb, Salt

* Email went into spam from Flatiorn School (aka WeWork), do we want to reply?
    * Yes
    * TODO Adam contact Flatiron school re: sponsorship (DONE)
* Oracle dropped out because Dave Stokes's talk was not accepted
    * hey, we don't sell talk slots
* ExtraHop is in! (again!) - thank you Bri
* SchedulesDirect will likely be in again
* need Childcare arrangement volunteer
    * Indeed is paying for it!
    * Deb will, if info on vendor is provided
    * DivCare PDX (Danelle) - http://www.divcarepdx.com/
* TODO Adam coordinate finance call: dot orgs, upcoming expenses

### Web and Tech

Chairs: Rob?, der Hans

* need to set up email config when creating new conference in OSEM every year
    * TODO Rachel - document this
* Apparently people can't sign up for the organizer email list via the link we have on the website: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/seagl_organize
* Maybe they don't have google address? Could be part of the push we need to get rid of google stuff in the future?
* OSU will probably host this stuff for us

### Promotion and Outreach

Chairs: Jeff

* https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/SeaGL_features - draft blog post, needs update to include suggested individual sponsorship
* Hans to ping Deb to see if childcare has been confirmed in one week 
* we need to start putting up fliers and handbills https://drive.google.com/open?id=1XXS9FHdlP8aaOWfTUgLqMFYEDJlE7zyY
* At local high schools and compsci departments, PyLadies, PuPPy

### Program

Chairs: Rachel
* 4 tracks this year 
* blog post about selection logistics - spreadsheeting, initial critical sql dump, how talks were selected/skimmed
* Will email Lisa re: rooms needed after our talk this week
* Track for beginners? And/or a table for beginners?
* Heard back from lots of folks about their talks 
* Haven't heard back from some folks, can the rest of the group help?
* Deb: Katheryn Sutter, Gareth Greenaway, Emanuel Morales, Garrett Honeycutt

### Volunteers

Chairs: Prasket, Lucy, Jeff

* This is a good month to ask for a few minutes at local meet-ups to annunce SeaGL AND ask for volunteers
* Volunteers@? Who has access to this? Gsuite, add them here: https://admin.google.com/a/seagl.org
    * Deb will look this week and maybe send a note to this list and cc Jeff and Hans to see what comes in
* Jeff and Deb to talk in the next few days about  jeffsilverm@gmail.com

### Audio / Visual

Chairs: Salt

* https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/SeaGL_AV_FLOSSconfs - AV notes from other conferences
* Salt will pick up remaining room bags from Adam, hopefully by Monday

### Party Venue

Chairs: Keith, Salt

* recommended by a friend in Seattle: https://www.gameworks.com/locations/seattle

### Speaker Gifts

* [Round Pill Box](https://www.4imprint.com/product/147788/Med-Week-Round-Pill-Box)
* [Straight Pill Box](https://www.4imprint.com/product/148292-T/Quick-Care-Weekly-Med-Minder-Translucent)
* [10L dry bag](https://www.4imprint.com/product/137520-10/Voyager-10L-Dry-Bag)
    * Adam: +1
* [5L dry bag](https://www.4imprint.com/product/137520-5/Voyager-5L-Dry-Bag)
* [Weekly Day Planner](https://www.4imprint.com/product/110448/Pocket-Partner-Weekly-Planner)
* [Weekly Day Planner, nicer](https://www.4imprint.com/product/137804/Castelli-Tucson-Weekly-Planner) + in blue
* Coffee mug with, "Free Software every day of the week" on it? [OMGosh so many varieties of coffee mugs out there] +
* Something Seattle specific?
* 7 piece steel straw set, 6 straws and a cleaner (https://www.4imprint.com/product/154056/Reusable-Stainless-Multi-Straw-Set)
* 7 piece travel eating set, chop sticks, knife, fork, spoon, 2 straws, straw brush
* 7 layer OSI
* Something rainbow? 7 color ink pad with tiny seagl stamp
* 7 color higlighter set?
* Other ideas? Send to Salt@seagl.org

## TODOs ##

* Send non-profit leads to sponsors@seagl.org
interconnection.org  I am looking at their grant page, https://interconnection.org/computergrants.php .  Are we a "trade association"?  I think not.  I think I am going to make a copy of the form,  fill out a rough draft. We are not a trade association, we are housed at a 501(c)(3) charitable non-profit org. 

Next meetings Sept 23rd and Sept 30th - weekly from Sept 23rd
Keep having your committee communings

[nextmtgrcs]: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20190923-allhands.md "long-term storage in revision control"

* Minutes from next meeting
  * [https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2019/20190923-allhands.md][nextmtgrcs]
