<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2024 Organizing Cross-Committee
- Monday, November 18th, 2024. 5pm Pacific Time (2024-11-19 02:00 UTC)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_2024_retrospective)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2024_organizing)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2024)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [Staff onboarding request form](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/s/PE76H74M2nJHAYAc6afRr7Qq)
- [2024 Shared Calendar](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/calendar/p/YsFCmmokAzNp48Ky)
- [2024 Calendar iCal](https://cloud.seagl.org/remote.php/dav/public-calendars/YsFCmmokAzNp48Ky?export)
- [2023 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2023/20231113-retrospective.md)
- [Gantt Chart](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/f/5623)


## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Angel, Andrew, Chance, Sen, Kim, Dawn, Dina, Robin?, AJ, Matt, Norm
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): 

## Breath of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Reminder: focus is on the 2024 event, not 2025
-->

### Metrics
- Staff:
  - Chairs: 8
    - All-Hands Attendees: 
    - At-event Volunteers: 
- Attendees:
  - Total number of "attendees" (onsite, off, etc.): 
  - Number of in-person attendees: 
    - "Registered":
    - Remaining badges: 
    - Sessions: 
      |           | R1 | R2 | R3 | R4 |
      | --------- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
      | Fri 09:10 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 09:40 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 10:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 11:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 14:00 |  x |    |    |    |
      | Fri 14:30 |  x |    |    |    |
      | Fri 16:30 |  x |    |    |    |
      | Fri 17:00 |  x |    |    |    |
      | Sat 09:00 |  x |    |    |    |
      | Sat 10:00 |  x |    |    |    |
      | Sat 10:30 |  x |    |    |    |
      | Sat 11:00 |  x |    |    |    |
      | Sat 13:30 |  x |    |    |    |
      | Sat 14:00 |  x |    |    |    |
      | Sat 16:10 |    |  x |  x |  x |
      | Sat 16:40 |    |  x |  x |  x |
      | Sat 17:30 |    |  x |  x |  x |
    - After conference social: just under capacity
  - Number of virtual attendees: 
  - Accounts in Matrix space: 95
  - Accounts in “Welcome” room: 73
  - Accounts in “Social” room: 37
  - Accounts in sessions rooms:
    | Room                                          | Attendees |
    | --------------------------------------------- | --------- |
    | #2024-Keynote-AaronWolf:seagl.org             |        25 |
    | #2024-Keynote-ChristopherNeugebauer:seagl.org |        14 |
    | #2024-MoriasRace:seagl.org                    |        20 |
    | #2024-NextGeneration:seagl.org                |        17 |
    | #2024-ScalableHygiene:seagl.org               |        18 |
    | #2024-TemporalData:seagl.org                  |        17 |
    | #2024-GNULinuxLovesAll:seagl.org              |        16 |
    | #2024-TwoWaysToTrustworthy:seagl.org          |        17 |
    | #2024-TroubleshootingHomeLANs:seagl.org       |        23 |
    | #2024-BashVariableExpansion:seagl.org         |        18 |
    | #2024-CodeByMail:seagl.org                    |        11 |
    | #2024-FreeSoftwareMovement:seagl.org          |         8 |
    | #2024-DigitalWhiteboarding:seagl.org          |         8 |
    | #2024-AccordingToMyResearch:seagl.org         |        13 |
    | #2024-NixOSIsTerrible:seagl.org               |        13 |
    | #2024-CathedralAndBizarre:seagl.org           |        10 |
    | #2024-MoshAndTmux:seagl.org                   |        14 |
    | #2024-WhoChoosesRequirements:seagl.org        |         6 |
    | #2024-ApacheSeaTunnel:seagl.org               |         7 |
    | #2024-HandsOnTensegrity:seagl.org             |        11 |
    | #2024-AlpineOnLoongArch:seagl.org             |         7 |
    | #2024-FromTerrafiedToTerrafirm:seagl.org      |        11 |
    | #2024-GovernanceByExample:seagl.org           |         9 |
    | #2024-FediTest:seagl.org                      |         7 |
    | #2024-Observability:seagl.org                 |        10 |
    | #2024-BusinessCase:seagl.org                  |         6 |
    | #2024-BuildingWithAI:seagl.org                |        10 |
    | #2024-PostmarketOS:seagl.org                  |        13 |
    | #2024-BrandNewProblems:seagl.org              |        11 |
    | #2024-DesignAndFabrication:seagl.org          |         8 |
    | #2024-Coreboot:seagl.org                      |        10 |
    | #2024-HowDoYouShare:seagl.org                 |         6 |
    | #2024-AIEthicsThroughAnimism:seagl.org        |         6 |
    | #2024-SteadfastSelfHosting:seagl.org          |        19 |
    | #2024-WillYourProjectRunOn:seagl.org          |         9 |
    | #2024-CullingSeagullRecords:seagl.org         |         7 |
    | #2024-CanLLMsDoubleDevelopers:seagl.org       |         7 |
    | #2024-MicroMirrorCDN:seagl.org                |         6 |
    | #2024-MyPiInTheSky:seagl.org                  |         4 |
    | #2024-GeoCML:seagl.org                        |         4 |
    | #2024-Keynote-RachelKelly:seagl.org           |        14 |
    | #2024-Keynote-DuaneOBrien:seagl.org           |        10 |
  - Viewers of live streams: 
  - number of folks using ephemeral server: 43
  - number only attending keynotes: 
- Presenters:
  - Confirmed Talks: 
  - Confirmed Speakers: 
  - Accepted Talks: 
  - CFP Submissions: 
  - Speakers Submitted: 
  - Office Hours attended: 0
  - Confirmed Keynotes: 4
  - Keynote Nominations: 
- Outreach:
  - Social Shares: 
    - Mastodon Total posts: 
    - Mastodon total followers: 
      - Mentions all 2024: 
    - Twitter total followers: 
      - Mentions all 2024: 
    - Facebook followers: 
    - LinkedIn: 
  - Blog Posts: 
- Partnerships:
  - Ambassadors: 
    - not yet started
  - Sponsors:
    - Paying: 
    - Media: 
    - Community: 
- Anything else?

### 2024 tasks yet-to-be-closed
<!--
Status updates only. Indicate items for further discussion with `[>]` and copy after `### New Items` below.
-->
#### 05/06
- [<] ask all staff if nextcloud gantt usability is acceptable (AJ)

#### 06/17
- [x] review and add something to a committee you've worked with on wiki-like nextcloud collective (everyone)

#### 10/21
- [x] review staged 2023 videos for matching audio, text, start/end time, license, etc. (everyone)
  - https://andrew.kvalhe.im/+7smy8gzeszrw4hxd96iaob9u6eo1b8hy

#### 10/28
- [x] ask in general room for reviewers of 2023 videos (andrew)

#### 11/04
- [x] create redirect for year-round keynote suggestion form (Salt)
  - list of redirects here: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/refs/heads/main/keynote_suggestions.md
- [x] email remote speakers day before with links to their rooms (AJ)
- [x] empty out storage unit (salt)
- [x] send volunteer coordinator information re: onboarding volunteers into Matrix (AJ)
- [x] launch jitsi server (aj)
- [x] adjust the attend portal homepage (andrew)
- [x] reach out potential tech volunteer to help with testing (Angel)
- [x] send everyone information re: getting in the right spot in Matrix (Angel)
- [x] add Expo Hall monitor - replenish food/coffee (Angel)
- [>] book hub for 11/7-8, 2025 (salt)

---

### New Items for discussion at Retrospective
<!--
#### Item Subject (item facilitator)
-->

#### Thank Yous
- We have a bunch of thank-yous to send. Salt needs help
  - would also like some help with 2023 versions, but maybe we're past that point...
- speakers
  - need preferences for receiving speaker gifts
    - [ ] create list of speaker who didn't receive gifts (??)
  - 7 or 8 remote speakers that need to receive gifts maybe??
  - matter of whether to ship them or not
  - can ask speakers if they want them and get their address if so
  - dawn definitely has an old version of this email
  - dawn can send 2024 speaker stuff but ideally not first draft
  - [ ] draft speaker thank-you email (Dina)
- sponsors
  - [ ] create list of sponsors to thank (??)
  - [ ] draft sponsor thank-you email (??)
- fiscal sponsor
  - thanks to OSI for helping with sponsorships, contracts, etc.
  - [ ] draft OSI thank-you email (??)
- volunteers
  - gifts aspect also
  - include everyone
  - ask if they want to get more involved
  - room monitor -> dim sum -> staff pipeline
  - [ ] draft volunteer thank-you email (??)
    - probably similar to speaker one
- attendees
  - seagl-announce with dates and what we plan for next year
  - include volunteer pipeline
  - [ ] draft attendee thank-you email (??)
  - [ ] draft thank-you blog post (??)
    - include save-the-date
    - include year-round keynote form
    - include call for volunteers and general timeline
    - specific call for committee coordinators
    - 2023 videos are live
- venue
  - Thank the venue and say whether or not we want to work with them again
    - we should specifically also thank the IT people
  - confirmation of receipt of payment, make sure that there are no nickles and dimes
  - [ ] draft venue thank-you email (??)
- keynotes
  - specialized email for each keynoter
  - information about reimbursements
  - [ ] draft keynote thank-you email (??)
- [ ] send thank-you emails (Salt)
- one or two people working on drafts that can be edited?
- salt can edit, but first drafts are hard

#### Swag Shipping
- should goto speakers, volunteers, and paid sponsors
- how is shipping actually going to happen?
  - Salt has proven to not be good at this...
- significant discount if we ship most at one time?
  - question: what does this entail?
- [ ] find previous copy about swag shipments (dawn)
- [ ] handle shipping logistics (andrew)
- refer back to "Thank Yous" speaker section

#### Reimbursements
- get yours in!
  - open an issue with the reimbursement template on GitHub
- December 15th hard deadline
  - otherwise... thank you for your donation.

#### Next Year Dates
- Nov 7th and 8th (same as 2024)
- Nov 14th and 15th
  - closer to Thanksgiving
  - does not fix (and likely makes worse) the KubeCon conflict
- Postgres is in Seattle in between those dates
- Neither date has any notable holiday conflicts
- Decision: November 7th and 8th

---

### Feedback Form Review
- https://seagl.org/feedback
- https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/wdxBCgHxcPxrFErR/results

#### Process
- Salt will screenshare and go through the responses
- Each response will be discussed
- Relevant feedback will be captured below in appropriate committee

---

### Committee Additions
#### Process
- Each committee should go through how they felt things went and add any specific suggestions of things to consider from their committee's context
- The group will decide what is toDONE, bikeshed'ed, or what we tWONTdo
- new TODOs are added to the relevant committee

<!--
#### Committee Coordinators
- Attendee Experience (AX): 
- A/V & DevOps: AJ
- Finance: Norm
- IDEA: Dina
- Partnerships: Robin
- Policy & Protocol: 
- Programming & Flow: Dawn
- Promotion & Outreach: Alfredo
- Volunteers: Angel
- Impresario: Salt
-->

---

#### Attendee Experience (AX)
- [ ] Put registration desk on the map
- [ ] Implement professional level paid tickets?
  - Paid ticket discussion forthcoming
- [ ] Need remote tech person to assist remote attendees
  - Toss to AV/DevOps
- [ ] Coat check?
  - Needs space
  - Needs to be staffed consistently during the conference hours (+ maybe a bit of extra on the fringe)
- [ ] First Aid kit
- [ ] Post room number/schedule in the room and on each door
  - Make sure it's big!!!!!
- [ ] Have distinct talk opening/closing remarks for remote vs. in-person attendees?
  - i.e., in-person get venue-specific info and remote attendees get info on how to utilize Matrix/Patch
- [ ] Better handle timezones for remote attendees
  - Doesn't help that DST ends soon before the conference
  - Easy: Just remind everyone that it's in PST (GMT-8)
  - Hard(er): Dynamic timezone based on browser?
  - Related: Calendar events
- [ ] Put dot on the badges in the corner for hole punching
  - Previous years have an × mark for the hole punch
  - "I was wondering what that X was...as I was deleting it"
  - [ ] Put dot back (Salt)
- [ ] Remote social opportunities?
  - a Matrix room...that maybe someone (or no one) used? Is there a way to tell?
  - more than a Matrix room, of course :)
  - maybe something more hands-on/intentional/encouraged?
  - trivia?
  - techy ice breakers?
- Keep coffee filled and available with snack table

##### Signage
- 3x elevator signs
- 2 Lyceum door signs
- laminate or blue goo for door signs if double sided
- Same number of reserved for wheelchairs signs as accessible seating signs
- 25ish signs for accessible seating for more locations (Lyceum more seats)
- Registration sign
- What is SeaGL sign/info sheet for registration people
- Turn signs around first night for tomorrow - volunteer job
- decorate your badge sign
- Social signage more prominent

##### Badges
- different colours (of lanyards?) for speakers, volunteers, staff, attendees?
  - if not colors, maybe flags/stickers?
- pronoun stickers?
  - can also write your own with a marker :)
- indicate preference for (not) being in pictures
- more representaive examples of how to use badge as self-expression tool

##### TeaGL
- [ ] Bring back Secret "Santa" tea swap
- [ ] Hot water
- [ ] Breaker/circuitry limitations in the food room
  - Self-resolving by using different outlets :)
  - i.e., it's a process problem that needs to be documented
  - Document info somewhere for UW kitchen breakers
  - Document info for food table volunteers to keep water filled, snacks under the table (instead of putting them all out at once), etc.

##### Presentation Roulette
- (a lot of volunteers missed the presentation roulette, unfortunately)
- "went about as well as we could have possibly expected"
  - also see: Blender movie night
  - mixing it up works really well
  - starting to hit the point where everyone was tired, so nice change of pace(?)
- Q: was it recorded?
  - A: no, and it was intentional such that people did not feel the pressure of being immortalized in recording
  - was a fairly strong consensus

##### Venue
- should we rough count student attendance next year to help us make the case that UW should work with us to book October?
  - Use people clicker counter to do a rough tally from registration?
  - Having a guest book?
- Good that we didn't rent more space this time, but would be good to have the option to have greater capacity
- The street felt really good, especially since it was at capacity.
- Q: Can we spread more into that larger lobby area?
  - A: No, that line is authoritative due to fire code and etc.
- Being able to "spill" into the lounge area is nice since we're able to benefit from a bit of the space without having to pay for it (because that would double the costs)
- Lots of stuff sitting around that was not aesthetically pleasing and put some valuables/personals at risk
  - Need a green room
  - Q: What is a green room?
  - Command hub for an organizer to hang out in, speakers to go to before speaking, food for volunteer speakers, quiet space for AV/Dev ops, safe storage for organization stuff
  - Volunteer shifts so it's never left alone, but the expectation is still that most people would be out on the street
- The Lyceum was so large that it felt sparse relative to are overall attendance
  - Pretty room, but it costs a lot and we under-utilize it
  - Maybe just for closing keynotes?
  - Worth revisiting?
- Food court not being open on Saturday is a bit weird
  - Food map was very helpful
- There was last-minute confusion about whether signage could be left up overnight
  - Seems like it was fine but no guarentee someone wouldn't remove it

##### Outstanding 2024 TODOs
- [ ] Document info somewhere for UW kitchen breakers
- [ ] Document info for food table volunteers to keep water filled, snacks under the table (instead of putting them all out at once), etc.
- [ ] draft attendee thank-you email

##### TODOs for 2025
- [ ] Put registration desk on the map
- [ ] Implement professional level paid tickets?
- [ ] Have coat/bag check
- [ ] Have First Aid kit
- [ ] Post room number/schedule inside the room and on each door
- [ ] Post visible room number near podium tech setup in each room
- [ ] Have distinct talk opening/closing remarks for remote vs. in-person attendees?
- [ ] Better handle timezones for remote attendees
- [ ] Put dot on the badge cover/back corner for hole punching
- [ ] Remote social opportunities?
- [ ] Keep coffee filled and available with snack table
- [ ] laminate or blue goo for door signs if double sided (avoids marks for second day)
- [ ] More accessible seating signs
- [ ] Registration sign with instructions
- [ ] What is SeaGL info sheet/sign (at least blurb for people volunteering at reg desk)
- [ ] Volunteer job to turn around signs after first day
- [ ] Decorate badge sign, more examples of how to use as self-expression tool
- [ ] More prominent social activities signage
- [ ] different colours (of paper or lanyards) for speakers, volunteers, staff, attendees?
- [ ] badge flags?
- [ ] way to indicate preference for not being in pictures
- [ ] Bring back Secret "Santa" tea swap
- [ ] get rough count student attendance next year
- [ ] have people clicker counter at registration
- [ ] reconsider renting lounge space
- [ ] consider green room/command hub
- [ ] consider dropping lyceum at least part of the time

##### Important Links

---

#### A/V & DevOps
- [ ] Virtual green room in Matrix (separate, restricted Matrix space for speakers) about a month out from the conference
  - Chance wonders why a separate space is needed?
- [x] Keep all the adapters at registration and put each in a labeled ziploc bag?
- [ ] Room number card at the podium
- [ ] Sanitize laptops
- [ ] Pretalx: "Add to Google Cal" option
  - Chance: Shouldn't there be a generic
- [ ] Pretalx: Talk-specific feedback for attendees
- [ ] Ensure tech testing doesn't go into setup time for the next speaker
  - Set fixed tech testing hours as to avoid last-minute requests when we are busy
  - Tabled until A/V retro
- [ ] Someone to monitor Matrix for tech issues
- Jitsi sucks
  - is it really that bad though?
    - y e s
  - BigBlueButton when?
- Tech has lots of off-season work for people to contribute to
  - Surely tech is in a position to delegate and onboard new people to help?
- Mail forwarding guidance/support
- Shared inbox for dev ops, partnerships

##### Outstanding 2024 TODOs
- [ ] Write guide on new SeaGL mail system
- [ ] Add takeaways from separate Tech retrospective

##### TODOs for 2025
- [ ] Create virtual green room in Matrix (separate, restricted Matrix room for speakers) about a month out from the conference
- [ ] Keep all the adapters at registration and put each in a labeled ziploc bag?
- [ ] Post visible room number near podium tech setup in each room
- [ ] Sanitize laptops between talks
- [ ] "Add to Google Cal" option in Pretalx
- [ ] Link to Pretalx talk-specific feedback for attendees, in matrix rooms, maybe elsewhere?
- [ ] Ensure tech testing doesn't go into setup time for the next speaker
- [ ] Need remote tech person to assist remote attendees
- [ ] Find Jitsi alternative, maybe BigBlueButton
- [ ] Create shared inboxes for devops, partnerships, etc.

##### Important Links

---

#### Finance
- need more paying sponsors

##### Outstanding 2024 TODOs
- [ ] process reimbursement requests
- [ ] ensure keynotes are reimbursed
- [ ] ensure all sponsorships have been collected
- [ ] send receipts for pex card purchases to OSI
- [ ] schedule budget & finance review with OSI to close out the books
- [ ] draft OSI thank-you email

##### TODOs for 2025

##### Important Links

---

#### IDEA
- [ ] Put brightly coloured tape on the floor to reserve wheelchair space (with signs)

##### Outstanding 2024 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2025
- [ ] Put brightly coloured tape on the floor to reserve wheelchair space (with signs)
- [ ] apply for CHAOSS diversity badge
  - Q: What is that?x2
  - A: They do community health metrics for OSS. They say "this conference has this rating re: IDEA-related matters." This helps us make sure that we are doing good things.
- [ ] send IDEA email to groups (which groups?) before CFP opens
- [ ] Review talks/slides with IDEA lens on

##### Important Links
- https://badging.chaoss.community/

---

#### Partnerships
- operated 2024 at a deficit
- need more paying sponsors
  - also see: Finance
- Examine how outreach is done

##### Outstanding 2024 TODOs
- [ ] create list of sponsors to thank
- [ ] draft sponsor thank-you email

##### TODOs for 2025
- [ ] Checkout UW departments etc as possible sponsors

##### Important Links

---

#### Policy & Protocol
- Violations or things that came up?
  - Nope, we have a lovely community
  - but can't count on the luck to go on forever

##### Outstanding 2024 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2025

##### Important Links

---

#### Programming & Flow
- process was a lot better than last year
- Consider not having remote speakers next year (tabled)
- 20 and 50 minute slots made scheduling easier
  - good for new speakers too
- 1.5 hour lunch breaks worked
  - Necessary for Saturday
- [ ] Fully configure and test Pretalx (to avoid reply-to and miscellaneous issues)
  - Some can be kept from 2024
  - Ask for Friday/Saturday preference
  - Time zone collection problem!!!!!

##### Outstanding 2024 TODOs
- [ ] create list of speaker who didn't receive gifts
- [x] find previous copy about swag shipments (Dawn)
- [x] draft speaker thank-you email (Dina)
- [ ] draft keynote thank-you email
- [ ] handle shipping logistics for speaker gifts (Andrew)

##### TODOs for 2025
- [ ] Consider not having remote speakers next year
- [ ] Fully configure and test Pretalx (to avoid reply-to and miscellaneous issues)
- [ ] add question about friday or saturday preference to pretalx

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach
- [ ] Get graphic designer
  - Put a deadline on when we decide to hire someone vs volunteer
- [ ] Need more postering 
  - Keep a list of where posters go and what's been done
  - Find more local people to poster Seattle
- More base design and less theming
- Save the date flier ASAP
- f/u with sponsored magazine ads - did not get them in

##### Outstanding 2024 TODOs
- [ ] create save the date flier for 2025, november 7-8
- [ ] send apology email to sponsored magazine
- [ ] draft thank-you blog post

##### TODOs for 2025
- [ ] get new graphic designer(s)
- [ ] set deadline by which to hire someone for graphics vs ask a volunteer
- [ ] more coordinated in-person postering around town
- [ ] create list of mailing lists to post bigger announcements to

##### Important Links

---

#### Volunteers
- [ ] List of where signage goes
  - This will faciliate placement and removal of signs
  - Account for sometimes necessary creative placement
  - Mark up a map with final placement at the event?
- [ ] List of signs to make sure we got all our signs back
- [ ] Volunteer specific map
  - Food room
  - Storage room
  - Other things that organizers care about
- Provide food for volunteers
- Maybe something for attending meetings?
- day of volunteers
  - not enough
  - lots of people wanted to help with takedown, but we were too busy to direct
  - room monitors, never got clear enough job description, didn't have enough people for adequate coverage
- need pre-event volunteer meet/greet/training sessions!!!!

##### Outstanding 2024 TODOs
- [ ] create list of where signage goes
- [ ] draft volunteer thank-you email

##### TODOs for 2025
- [ ] mark up map of where signage has been placed
- [ ] create checklist of signs we placed for retrieval
- [ ] create volunteer specific map (include food room, storage room etc.)
- [ ] consider providing delivered lunch for volunteers?
- [ ] consider providing budget for snacks at meetings?
- [ ] coordinate day-of volunteers, have way for them to help without taking organizer time for onboarding
- [ ] host pre-event volunteer meet/greet/training sessions

##### Important Links

---

#### Impresario
- Inventory of things like
  - Signs
  - Masks
  - Lanyards
- Master list of generic tasks needed to keep conference, organizers, and volunteers happy
- Need another Impresario (team? co-impressario job)
- All committees need to have a chair and a co/jr chair

##### Shopping list
- [ ] Buy new inflator for Patch (Salt/Sen)
- [ ] Buy lanyards
- [ ] Buy wet (not dry!) erase markers for laminated signs
- [ ] Buy First Aid Kit

##### Outstanding 2024 TODOs
- [ ] create inventory of disposables (signs, masks, lanydards, etc.)
- [ ] update gantt chart based on reality
- [ ] draft venue thank-you email
- [ ] send thank-you emails

##### TODOs for 2025
- [ ] ensure committee chairs are filled
- [ ] select year 13 theme
- [ ] attendee less committee meetings
- [ ] find Jr. Impresario
- [ ] Buy new inflator for Patch (Salt/Sen)
- [ ] Buy lanyards
- [ ] Buy wet (not dry!) erase markers for laminated signs
- [ ] Buy First Aid Kit

##### Important Links

---

### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- ha... ha ha ha
  - 19:00 PT

---

## Wrap-up
### 11/18 - New TODOs
#### General

#### Attendee Experience (AX)
- [ ] Document info somewhere for UW kitchen breakers
- [ ] Document info for food table volunteers to keep water filled, snacks under the table (instead of putting them all out at once), etc.
- [ ] draft attendee thank-you email

#### A/V & DevOps
- [ ] Write guide on new SeaGL mail system
- [ ] Add takeaways from separate Tech retrospective

#### Finance
- [ ] process reimbursement requests
- [ ] ensure keynotes are reimbursed
- [ ] ensure all sponsorships have been collected
- [ ] send receipts for pex card purchases to OSI
- [ ] schedule budget & finance review with OSI to close out the books
- [ ] draft OSI thank-you email

#### IDEA

#### Partnerships
- [ ] create list of sponsors to thank
- [ ] draft sponsor thank-you email

#### Policy & Protocol

#### Programming & Flow
- [ ] create list of speaker who didn't receive gifts
- [x] find previous copy about swag shipments (Dawn)
- [x] draft speaker thank-you email (Dina)
- [ ] draft keynote thank-you email
- [ ] handle shipping logistics for speaker gifts (Andrew)

#### Promotion & Outreach
- [ ] create save the date flier for 2025, november 7-8
- [ ] send apology email to sponsored magazine
- [ ] draft thank-you blog post

#### Volunteers
- [ ] create list of where signage goes
- [ ] draft volunteer thank-you email

#### Impresario
- [ ] create inventory of disposables (signs, masks, lanydards, etc.)
- [ ] update gantt chart based on reality
- [ ] draft venue thank-you email
- [ ] send thank-you emails


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] ??: thank you for attending / save the date (??)

### Timeline
- November 7-8 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2025

### Next All-Committee Meeting
- SeaGL 2025 Kick-off: ??
  - probably January or February
  - no seagl expectations for second half of december and first half of january
  - expect scheduling poll for kick-off around January 15th

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- A/V & DevOps: November 19, Tuesday after after SeaGL, 5pm Pacific Time (Wednesday 02:00 UTC)
- Finance: 
- IDEA: 
- Partnerships: 
- Policy & Protocol: 
- Programming & Flow: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
- AJ: (tiiiired)
- Sen: hi, new here, thanks for having me
- Chance: look forward to all the cool things for next time
- Dawn: thank you, has been great, despartely need a year off, but will still be involved in some capacity, hopefully returning more in 2026
- Angel: was awesome to meet many of you in person, appreciate everyone working so hard, esp salt
- Kim: busy right now but can help with documents next week, maybe hire graphics designer for generic templates
- Andrew: big thanks to everyone, sorry to not be reliably helpful in person, looking forward to tech retro... soon
- Salt: thanks to y'all <3


### Check that everyone is connected to everything (Calendar, Mailinglist, Matrix, Nextcloud, GitHub)

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. editing pass for language and formatting
2. collect and dedupe New TODOs
3. upload notes to GitHub
4. make copy of file, rename with next meeting dates
5. update dates at beginning and near end of pad
6. clear attendees and wrap-up
7. remove TODOs that have been completed
8. clear irrelevant notes from past TODOs
9. move up New TODOs, add heading level and remove text
10. clear New TODOs
11. clear committee updates
12. clear new items
13. upload agenda to GitHub
14. update etherpad
15. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  - ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Task States
- [/] started
- [x] completed
- [#] cancelled
- [-] irrelevant
- [<] backlogged
- [>] refocused

-->

