<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2024 Organizing Cross-Committee
- Monday, August 12th, 2024. 5pm Pacific Time (2024-08-13 01:00 UTC)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_2024_organizing)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2024_organizing)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2024)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [Nextcloud access request form](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/s/NysGPmNgbqwNXq7yNJAJakL2)
- [2024 Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2024)
- [2024 Shared Calendar](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/calendar/p/YsFCmmokAzNp48Ky)
- [2024 Calendar iCal](https://cloud.seagl.org/remote.php/dav/public-calendars/YsFCmmokAzNp48Ky?export)
- [2023 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2023/20231113-retrospective.md)
- [Gantt Chart](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/f/5623)


## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: 
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: 
- Note Taker(s): 
- Note Taker(s) for next time: 

## Breath of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `### New Items` below
-->

### Previous TODOs
<!--
Status updates only. Indicate items for further discussion with `[>]` and copy after `### New Items` below.
-->
#### 01/29
- [ ] deal with retrospective blocking tasks (Salt)

#### 03/11
- [ ] write draft of 2023 thank you emails (Salt)
- [ ] come up with plans for 2023 speaker gift instructions (AJ)

#### 05/06
- [ ] ask all staff if nextcloud gantt usability is acceptable (AJ)

#### 06/03
- [ ] reschedule outreach meetings (Alfredo)

#### 06/17
- [ ] send IDEA message
- [ ] start preparing the first blog post announcing keynote speakers (Kim)
- [ ] write social media / blog post about AV/DevOps dev environment (AJ, Alfredo)
- [ ] review and add something to a committe you've worked with on wiki-like nextcloud collective (everyone)

#### 07/01
- [ ] blog post about cfp extension (Kim)

#### 07/15
- [ ] build cfp review team (Dawn)
- [ ] talk to romeo to arrange transfer of video files (Salt)

#### 07/29
- [ ] ask venue to make room changes (Salt)
- [ ] create notice that CFP is open until end of FOSSY
- [ ] print handbills for FOSSY (Salt)


### Committee Updates
<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide

#### Committee Coordinators
- Attendee Experience: 
- A/V & DevOps: AJ
- Finance: Norm
- IDEA: 
- Partnerships: Robin
- Policy & Protocol: 
- Programming & Flow: Dawn
- Promotion & Outreach: Alfredo
- Volunteers: Angel
- Impresario: Salt
-->

#### Attendee Experience

#### A/V & DevOps

#### Finance

#### IDEA

#### Partnerships

#### Policy & Protocol

#### Programming & Flow

#### Promotion & Outreach

#### Volunteers


### New Items
<!--
#### Item Subject (item facilitator)
-->


#### Go through open tasks from last year
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2023/20231113-retrospective.md#1113---new-todos


### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up
### 08/12 - New TODOs

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->

### Timeline
- November 8-9 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2024

### Next All-Committee Meeting
- Monday, August 26 @ 5pm Pacific Time (2024-08-27 01:00 UTC)

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- A/V & DevOps: Every other Tuesday, 5pm Pacific Time (Wednesday 01:00 UTC), same week as all-hands
- Finance: Every Wednesday, 4pm Pacific Time (Thursday 00:00 UTC)
- IDEA: 
- Partnerships: Every Wednesday, 4pm Pacific Time (Thursday 00:00 UTC)
- Policy & Protocol: 
- Programming & Flow: Every other Tuesday, 5pm Pacific Time (Wednesday 01:00 UTC), off-weeks from all-hands
- Promotion & Outreach: Every other Tuesday, 5pm Pacific Time (Wednesday 01:00 UTC), off-weeks from all-hands
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->


### Check that everyone is connected to everything (Calendar, Mailinglist, Matrix, Nextcloud, GitHub)

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. editing pass for language and formatting
2. collect and dedupe New TODOs
3. upload notes to GitHub
4. make copy of file, rename with next meeting dates
5. update dates at beginning and near end of pad
6. clear attendees and wrap-up
7. remove TODOs that have been completed
8. clear irrelvant notes from past TODOs
9. move up New TODOs, add heading level and remove text
10. clear New TODOs
11. clear committee updates
12. clear new items
13. upload agenda to GitHub
14. update etherpad
15. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Task States
- [/] started
- [x] completed
- [#] cancelled
- [-] irrelevant
- [<] backlogged
- [>] refocused

-->
