<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 Kick-Off
- February 20, 2023. 1600 Pacific Time
- February 24, 2023. 1100 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/329)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2023)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [2022 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees (M): Don/sntxrr, Norm, Salt, Mateus, Andrew, Dawn, Elior, AJ
- Attendees (F): Salt, der.hans, AJ, Alfredo, Dawn
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s) (M): Don/sntxrr
- Note Taker(s) (F): der.hans
- Note Taker(s) for next time (M): 
- Note Taker(s) for next time (F): 

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `### New Items` below
-->

### Committee Updates
<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide
-->

#### Attendee Experience
- no updates

#### CoC
- no updates

#### Finance
- people are getting reimbursed
- continuing to process any of the requests
- use github template for requests for reimbursement

#### IDEA
- IDEA recruiting earlier than later

#### Partnerships
- Geek Beacon gave us some traction, due to their event last weekend
- SCaLE
  - handbills created, need to be printed
  - 2022 gifts will be available for folks, reach out if you need
  - include SeaGL Career Expo for handbills at OSCD
- 25th Anniversary for OSI this year, they would like to do something with us

#### Programming & Flow
- Dawn has spoken to one person who wants to join the committee, and is actively looking for others
  - hopefully Ruth will be on the next kickoff call
  - Dawn is looking to rope in some other folx
- Planning to get the CfP running as soon as possible; may need to talk to tech about OSEM
  - looking to work with tech for test instance/config
  - ideally pre SCaLE
  - cross promotion while at SCaLE
- Leaving open the option for remote speakers
  - Salt would like there to be remote speakers
  - the call isn't yet made, will need to be sooner than later
  - Keynotes should likely be in person, if at all possible
    - Salt wouldn't mind one or two of the keynotes to be remote
  - We will need to figure out what remote presentations might look like from the tech side

#### Promotion & Outreach
- Salt did first pass of social media updating for 2023
  - doesn't have a really good list for this yet
  - what are the places that we need to update
  - [ ] create list of places that need updates for new dates, etc. (der.hans)
    - everyone should add to the list anything that they see missing
- Salt created/printed flyers for CNSC and handed them out to potential sponsors/attendees
  - people are starting to ask about prospectus due to this

#### SRE & Technical
- Salt put passwords and credentials into 1password vault
  - three vaults, all-staff, tech, and privileged
  - makes passwords easier to share
  - vaultwarden may be the long term
    - more opensource solution for password sharing
- nextcloud is progressing
- email is also progressing
- A/V stuff (oh no, help, no clues, please help muchly thanks)
  - may need to be a sub comittee, or possibly an adjacent committee
  - Elior has access to non-free/cheap rental recording studio for A/V needs
    - Lupin Records

#### Volunteers
- no updates


### Previous TODOs
- none as of yet


### New Items
<!--
#### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

#### Meeting Regularity (Salt)
- is every other week fine?
- with two meetings should we do split week or same week?
  - as close to the other as possible, i.e. on Friday, do the following Monday
- do we want to decide now when to move to weekly or play by ear?
  - suggested to move to weekly one quarter out from the conference itself
- Friday the 3rd of March, Monday the 6th of March will be the next all-hands meeting slots

#### Communication Channels (Salt)
- want to make sure everyone is on Matrix, Mailinglist, and GitHub
  - https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023
  - Salt would like to better utilize Github groups this year, focusing on active members
- currently seagl staff space is invite-only, but there is a feature that will be coming out soon^tm to enable requesting access
  - for now, join the space and ping anyone on staff and they should be able to get you in
- suggestions for making communication better this year?

#### Committees (Salt)
- do these committees still feel right?
  - do we need a specific A/V group separate from tech?
  - should Finance re-merge with Partnership? Would Outreach fit here in terms of minimizing meetings?
  - might CoC merge with IDEA?
    - probably not, but maybe in terms of meeting space
  - is a specific On-site needed and should it re-merge with Attendee XP?
- default to collapsed, but advertise as separate for recruitment
  - collapsed meetings may mean longer meetings due to needing to cover more
  - collapsed also meetings fewer meetings
  - split if the meetings start getting too long
  - probably should decide to split at the comittee level
- are any missing considering we are going back to in-person?

#### Committee Chairs (Salt)
- Attendee Experience: ??
- CoC (Code of Conduct): ??
- Finance: Norm and Hans
- IDEA (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access): ??
  - recruiting here is important to do earlier than later
- Partnerships: ??
- Programming & Flow: Dawn and ??
- Promotion & Outreach: ??
- SRE & Technical: Don/sntxrr and AJ
- Volunteers: ??
- Impresario: Salt (but is actively seeking a junior to train up/replace)

- Do we have good descriptions of the responsibilities of being a chair?
  - Salt has a one sentence for committee descriptions in [Get Involved](https://seagl.org/get_involved)
  - organizes meetings
  - recruits volunteers
  - provides updates at the all hands

#### 2023 Venue (Salt)
- what should our timeline be for deciding?
  - end of April, begining of May
- what should our budget be?
- who wants to be involved?
  - UW would be great, Salt has contacts
  - AJ and Dawn are happy to review emails/messages
- Requirements for location:
	- expo hall
	- keynote hall
	- hall per track, 3-4 tracks
	- accessible transportation is key

#### Public Health Pledge (der.hans)
- https://mastodon.social/@phpledge@floss.social/109905262738566207
- https://publichealthpledge.com/
- if we're going to require masks, we need to provide masks
- work out the equivalent of what allowable service questions are
- review what disability twitter has discussed

#### Tech/Programming sync addendum (Dawn, Don/sntxrr, AJ, Andrew)
##### Remote presentations
- Streamyard with a remote speaker is very doable. we just need a way to project
- live Q&A may be a bit tricky.
- two ways to present: live presentation vs. prerecord.
  - Don inclined to say let's only do prerecorded because that would make things simpler
  - but also we would have to do live Q&A. at that point might as well just allow live presentations.
- 2 things it probably depends on: what the venue provides us and what the CFP will accept.
  - it sounds to Dawn like we can tentatively say the CfP will accept presentations in any way, regardless of whether people can get to Seattle?
- AJ: do we want to emphasize in person or virtual?
  - Dawn: aiming for more in person. I'm going to get worried if >50% of submissions are virtual.
- [question about travel reimbursement]
- trying to get the CfP out to the right places, and early enough, to get the balance here.

##### OSEM
- are there upgrades that need to be done to it?
  - minor stuff but it's functionally ready. it's on upstream. can be done within the week.
- osem-test is gone. but you can make a private conference to test. nothing blocking putting stuff out publicly on Tech's end.
- want the CfP before SCaLE. are there any other conferences?
- ???
- Dawn is probably the most experienced in OSEM here.
  - oh no? :D
- we do indeed have backups for the OSEM database
- [discussion around working around/fixing OSEM quirks]
- Dawn needs to draft an email to Nathan asking about quirks that have been found in previous years 
  - please cc sre@seagl.org


### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- alfredo interested in tech and outreach
- doing hybrid doesn't mean everything is both (der.hans)
  - some activities might be only online or only in person, but want a full experience for both
  - for some events it makes sense to integrate. for example questions could be run entirely through Matrix. but for social this just doesn't make sense
  - maybe we could bring ingredients for cocktail making in person and this would make social better since folks at home would be doing the same activity (and following someone instead of doing whatever)?
  - maybe a Patch cam

## Wrap-up
### 02/20-24 - New TODOs
- [ ] upload 2023 save the date handbill (Salt)
- [ ] arrange getting volunteer/speaker gifts to SCaLE (Salt)
- [ ] create content asks for Career Expo handbill (der.hans)
- [ ] connect with OSI about 25th anniversary (Partnerships)
- [ ] get CfP ready for launch asap (Programming, Dawn)
- [ ] get OSEM ready for CfP launch before SCaLE (Tech)
- [ ] create content asks for CfP handbill (Programming)
- [ ] create list of places that need updates for new dates, etc. (der.hans)
- [ ] create 2023 prospectus asap (Partnerships)
- [ ] update calendar for bi-weekly meetings until a quarter out (Salt)
- [ ] create overview of responsibilities for committee chairs (Salt)
- [ ] open GH issue about venue selection, set deadline for end of April, include list of people willing to help out (Salt, AJ, Dawn)
- [ ] decide whether we are signing on to https://publichealthpledge.com/ (Everyone)
- [ ] recruit/voluntell a friend to join a committee!

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [x] draft 23-02-20: Organizing started/save the date (AJ)
- [ ] draft: CFP launched (Dawn)

### Timeline
- Tentatively ??: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: 
- Second week of March??: CFP opens
- ??: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- ??: Sponsorship prospectus opens
- ??: Reach out to Keynote speakers
- start of May: UW organised, or look at other venues
- end of May??: CFP closes
- ??: CFP Review 1
- ??: Select Speakers
- ??: Notify Speakers
- ??: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- ??: Finalize Program
- first week of August: move to weekly all hands
- ??: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Tech training for volunteers
- ??: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 3-4 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2023

### All-Hands Meetings
- Friday, March 3 @ 11am Pacific Time (2023-03-10 19:00 UTC)
- Monday, March 6 @ 4pm Pacific Time (2023-03-07 00:00 UTC)

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- CoC: 
- Finance: Every Thursday, 2:30-3pm Pacific Time
- IDEA: 
- Partnerships: 
- Programming & Flow: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE & Technical: Next is March 1st, 6-7pm Pacific Time
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
#### Monday
- Don/sntxrr: love to see new faces, excited for this year, doing lots of things, maybe busy but have time for seagl
- Norm: good to see people, anxious to see what it is like as a hybrid version!
- Salt: excited to get things going, glad its kicking off! Need to be better about setting boundaries and not doing ALL the things. In person is exciting, getting more volunteers and a sustainable conference is a big goal
- Mateus: excited for this year, happy to see folks, looking forward to more
- Andrew: echoing the excitement, lots of fun tech stuff, making progress. A/V stuff is scary. Looking forward to tech meetings. Good to see everyone.
- Dawn: Good to be back here, good to see one here. Brain is exceptionally fried. Looking forward to not having split attention in April.
- Elior: been wanting to be a volunteer for a few years, going to see what they can do to help, looking forward to fitting in. Interested in helping to choose speakers. Excited about all of it!
- AJ: good to see everyone, freaked out about the A/V stuff, excited that we are in a much better place technologically!

#### Friday
- Dawn: glad to be back here, good to see new faces, looking forward to getting cfp open before SCaLE
- Salt: good to see new faces, two meetings is a bit tricky but look forward to refining
- der.hans: excited for cfp before SCaLE, will put in talk and have flyers to hand out, look forward to recruiting more west coasters
- AJ: reuse mondays
- Alfredo: happy to be here, think seattle needs seagl to continue

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->

