<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 Retrospective
- Monday, November 13, 2023. 5pm Pacific Time (2023-11-14 01:00 UTC)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_2023_retrospective)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_retrospective)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2023)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [Nextcloud access request form](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/s/NysGPmNgbqwNXq7yNJAJakL2)
- [2023 Shared Calendar](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/calendar/p/MjxzSj8TYdnGAGT9)
- [2023 Calendar iCal](https://cloud.seagl.org/remote.php/dav/public-calendars/MjxzSj8TYdnGAGT9?export)
- [2022 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Romeo, Dawn, Salt, Andrew, Norm, AJ, Alfredo, Hans, Hansem, Cameron
  - Norm:
    - Enjoyed SeaGL
    - Pretty cool for the first year back in person
    - Doing not bad, vacation time soon
  - Andrew: Still in whirlwind of things on calendar, finally calming down
  - AJ:
    - Slowly recovering from SeaGL, taking time off from SeaGL repsonsibilities
    - Sorry to people I ignored lol
  - Dawn: Slowly working through things, about to fly out to ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸, glad that we pulled the conference off and good to see everyone
  - Romeo: Going great. Have not started on post-processing
  - Alfredo:
    - Very busy with work
    - Glad that SeaGL is in the past tense, can focus on work
  - Salt:
    - Doing okay
    - More travel this week than expected
    - Lots of SeaGL things, excited for this meeting
  - Hans: Double-booked for this slot, mostly on mute
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Romeo

### Metrics
- Staff:
  - Chairs: 7
    - All-Hands Attendees: 
    - At-event Volunteers: 
- Attendees:
  - Total number of "attendees" (onsite, off, etc.): 
  - Number of in-person attendees: 
  - Number of virtual attendees: 
  - Accounts in Matrix space: 
  - Accounts in â€œWelcomeâ€ room: 
  - Accounts in â€œSocialâ€ room: 
  - Accounts in sessions rooms:
    - Andrewâ€™s ad hoc observationsâ€”needs conversion from times to sessions:
      |           | R1 | R2 | R3 | R4 |
      | --------- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
      | Fri 10:40 | 28 |  0 | 11 |    |
      | Fri 11:20 |    |  0 | 22 |    |
      | Fri 11:30 |  2 | 14 | 13 |    |
      | Fri 12:05 |    | 24 |  0 |    |
      | Fri 15:50 |  9 | 21 | 12 |    |
      | Sat 09:30 | 38 |    |    |    |
      | Sat 10:45 |    |  3 |  5 | 18 |
      | Sat 16:50 |    |  0 | 20 | 14 |
    - Alfredo's imperfect count+observation 40 ~ 50 Friday keynotes. 35~45 Sat keynotes
    - TODO: Collect the room counts reported in #2023-Volunteers:seagl.org (all counts Saturday)
      - 
    - Viewers of live streams: 
  - number of folks using ephemeral server: 
  - number only attending keynotes: 
- Presenters:
  - Confirmed Talks: 43
  - Confirmed Speakers: 43
  - Accepted Talks: 49
  - CFP Submissions: 90
  - Speakers Submitted: 61
  - Office Hours attended: 0
  - Confirmed Keynotes: 4
  - Keynote Nominations: 22
- Outreach:
  - Social Shares: 
    - Mastodon Total posts: 152 (2023) / 434 (all time) (Mastodon shows 729 which includes reboost and favs?)
    - Mastodon total followers: 649
    - Mentions all 2023: ~147 @Seagl / Only november > 70 #SeagL / > 60 #Seagl2023
    - Twitter total followers: 1144
    - Mentions all 2023: 8 @Seagl / 11 #SeaGL / 7 #Seagl2023
    - Facebook followers: 233
    - LinkedIn: 35 (10 new last 30 days)
  - Blog Posts: 10
- Partnerships:
  - Ambassadors: 
    - not yet started
  - Sponsors:
    - Paying: 3
    - Media: 7
    - Community: 16
- Anything else?

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
- Reminder: focus is on the 2023 event, not 2024

---

### 2023 tasks yet-to-be-closed
#### 09/08
- [#] recruit someone working on in-person volunteers ASAP (Salt)
  - https://seagl.org/news/2023/09/26/Seeking-Volunteers.html

#### 09/25
- [>] transfer storage payment to seagl cc (Salt)

#### 10/02
- [x] compile list of things to print (everyone)
  - [x] signage for directions
  - [x] program/badge
  - [x] volunteer packet
  - [ ] speaker packet
  - [x] 10 min left, 5 min left, (reminders/warning for speakers)
  - [x] room signs, have a schedule of talk per room (inside and outside)
  - [ ] QR code that links to virtual rooms
    - depends on room being created (Tech/Andrew)
      - We choose the URLs prior to room creation. If I had seen this request I could have provided them.
  - [x] Mask-up inside the room REQUIRED
  - [x] Mask RECOMMENDED on other spaces.
  - [x] signage for teagl
  - [ ] career expo
  - [ ] explanation of things you decorate your badge with
- [>] add to tech budget to finance agenda (der.hans)
- [>] add venue directions to website (Cameron)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/404
- [>] add venue details to website (Cameron)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/405

#### 10/16
- [x] order coffee and food for 100 ppl (salt)
- [x] create badge/program booklet (romeo)
- [x] write week-of details blog post(s) (salt)
- [x] update 2019 volunteer materials (alfredo, salt?)
  - compiling materials from previous years
  - some things need updates, e.g. making sure list of materials and instructions are updated
  - making sure design and dates are consistent

#### 10/23
- [x] figure out blender movie night process for ~1 hour (der.hans)
- [>] get reimbursement requests in as GH issues (everyone)
- [x] reach out to ada's about book selling (Salt)
- [x] generate day-of spreadsheet with information such as virtual status of talks (Dawn)

#### 10/30
- [x] pick things up from the storage unit on wednesday or thursday (salt, andrew)
- [-] add volunteer committee plugs to room intros, especially "if you are interested in scheduling these talks..." for programming committee (romeo)
  - generally skipped room intros with the chaos
  - however AJ *did* add in a note about it in his SeaGL Tech talk
- [-] checkin with mateus about matrix room icons (salt)
- [x] order additional lanyards (salt)
- [x] write message to send to seagl-announce mailing list

---

### New Items for discussion at Retrospective
<!--
#### Item Subject (item facilitator)
-->

#### 2024 date
- November 1-2 or 8-9 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2024
  - First date collides with Halloween
  - Second date collides with Veteran's day
- What about late October?
  - We've been 5+ years of this slot
    - this is nice for other events trying to plan so that we don't collide with them
  - 25/26 Oct (collides with something maybe?)
- KubeCon is 12-15 of Nov, Utah SLC
  - This was a problem for a lot of speakers and sponsors
  - Nobody wanted to do both
- GitHub Universe is Oct 29-30 2024, San Francisco
- All Things Open is Oct 27-29 2024, Raleigh
- Ohio Linux Fest is beginning of Sept
  - Was a problem for several years but has not been a problem recently
  - We can contact them about planning around each other
- 18th-19th Oct SeaGL moves it very far from our expected date
- Ubuntu Summit collided with SeaGL
  - was in Europe at the same time (2022 and 2023)
  - 2024 dates not published
  - Always in Europe
- LFNW 2024 is unknown date, unannounced, Bellingham WA
  - supposedly back to spring
- Staying hybrid makes it less of a problem
- Visual calendar at https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/calendar/p/fxj8N86RZ9rNMTJ5/dayGridMonth/2024-11-01
  - You have to fast-forward to the future months we are looking at
- Speakers, attendees, and sponsors did not want to collide with Kubecon and so chose Kube over SeaGL
- Maybe November no longer works for us?
- Salt: are these the only things that we care about? Do we really care about these other events?
  - Hans: We should look at our direct competition. Halloween is valid competition
  - Definitely cannot go later into Nov
    - too many holidays and end of year wrap-ups
- We have been consistent for 7 years.
  - SeaGL used to be earlier in Oct but we settled into our current slot since 2016 because ${REASON}
- By setting it earlier, we are chopping off a month of organization and planning between now and SeaGL '24
Oct 18-19th 2024?
- UW Family Weekend
  - they have large portions of the HUB booked all day.
  - There are other areas but we wouldnÂ´t have a good spot for keynotes.
  - Basically all of October is UW Family Weekend every weekend.
    - Maybe we go to a different venue?
    - Salt has looked. There are not that many options.
    - UW gives us an advantage in terms of cost and not having to learn new venue qwirks.
    - Perhaps UW is just pre-emptively booking that space and they don't actually need it and we can have it to talk about computer nerd stuff.
      - We can ask.
    - Family Weekend page says 20th and 21st, butts up against 18th and 19th
    - Next biggest non-Lyceum room can hold just north of 100 people
- Oct 13th is Yom Kippur
- First weekend in Nov next year is Diwali
- We need to choose a date where we can get a roof over our heads. Does UW (or whoever) have that spot booked for something
- when to start organizing?
  - usually take off month overlapping dec/jan
  - scheduling email mid-jan
  - first meeting early feb?
  - Still work on stuff in between now and then
  - No objections to this timeline

#### Thank Yous (Salt)
- We have a bunch of thank-yous to send. Salt needs help so he is not the only email operator.
- speakers
  - individual emails vs one email to all speakers?
  - need preferences for receiving speaker gifts
    - include instructions for how to use speaker gifts
  - [ ] create list of speaker emails (??)
  - [ ] create draft email (Romeo)
  - [ ] proof draft (AJ, Salt)
  - special one for speaker who had lots of issues
- sponsors
  - [ ] finance committee will create list
  - [ ] partnerships and finance will send email thanks
- fiscal sponsor
  - thanks to OSI for helping with sponsorships, contracts, etc.
  - Hans/committee to draft?
- volunteers
  - gifts aspect also
  - include everyone
  - ask if they want to get more invovled
  - room monitor -> dimsum -> staff pipeline
  - Drafting by everyone, just change verbs and nouns from speaker email
- attendees
  - seagl-announce with dates and what we plan for the next year
  - include volunteer pipeline
- venue
  - Thank the venue and say whether or not we want to work with them again
    - we should specifically also thank the IT people because they were sprinting to resolve HDMI issues.
  - confirmation of receipt of payment, make sure that there are no nickles and dimes
- keynotes
  - specialized email
  - information about reimbursements
  - Romeo draft
- no thanks to burger/bar joint via email, done in-person

#### 2023 swag
- didn't keep track of who got what
- all speakers and volunteers should have
- in thank yous, link to instructions and ask to confirm receipt
- how is shipping actually going to happen?
- Salt ships or gets to Romeo to ship or someone else who is actually local ships
- significant discount if we ship most at one time
  - How?
  - Romeo will talk to local postmaster and ask questions

#### Reimbursements
- get yours in!
- Trying to get this done ASAP

##### Process (from last year, let's confirm this is still correct)
1. the requester opens an issue on GH using the reimbursement template which includes the amount requested and whether there is a deadline
2. the requester tags this issue with both the finance committee and the requesting committee, also the conference year if it is relavent
3. the finance committee will review by the next meeting (at the latest) and update the GH issue with the decision and whether or not more information is needed
4. once the purchase has been made, the requester responds with the amount to be reimbursed on the GH issue, which includes an @ ping to the finance committee chair
5. the finance committee chair responds on the GH issue with the date the reimbursement was issued or with a request for more information
6. the requester closes the GH issue once the reimbursement has been received

---

### Feedback Form Review
- https://seagl.org/feedback
- https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/Ztg6XobcQ6G2m5q8/results

#### Process
- Salt will screenshare and go through the responses
- Each response will be discussed
- Relevant feedback will be captured below in appropriate committee

---

### Committee Additions
#### Process
- Each committee should go through how they felt things went and add any specific suggestions of things to consider from their committee's context
- The group will decide what is toDONE, bikeshed'ed, or what we tWONTdo
- new TODOs are added to the relevant committee

---

#### [Attendee Experience](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_experience)
- should review health/safety policy at start of 2024
  - misunderstandings about why/which masks
  - We should not ask attendees what they would like at the conference via a poll
  - Maybe we should revisit the health and safety policy
- Finding the livestreams to watch was challenging
  - link watch-pages from OSEM
  - OSEM needs to be rethought wrt how it fits into the experience
  - Widgets were messed up because of track-switching (they pull the schedule from OSEM)
- First year hybrid, lots of struggle (new venue)
  - new venue
  - back in person
  - doing hybrid online in-person event
  - lots of covid requirements

##### TeaGL (Robin)
- People happy, good tea
- No official tea-swap
- Get Robin to run it again, Robin was great at running it
- Could snacks be part of TeaGL?
  - food was a problem, can be better if we get food permits with lead-time
  - food costs money and we are BROKE
    - not actually, but we need to be careful or else we will be

##### Career Expo (Hans)
- Not well-advertised
- Done last minute, kept Hans mostly busy regardless
- One person showed up expecting a job-fair and left upset
  - Should maybe be re-branded to a different name
- No job-board made
- Online engagement was not there, all in-person
- Hans is a good person to run the career expo
  - Maybe could get more people to sign up to help as well so it is not just Hans
  - Bryna and Lori and Bri

##### Blender Movies (Hans)
- It went well, 20ish attendees
- Blender talk guy attended for a while, left behind relevant swag
- Hans knowlegeability to talk about the movies between showings
- Would be tight to have popcorn next year
- Can we have a Blender film festival where people actually submit their stuff?

##### Trivia (Bri)
- Projector scrambles
  - "This is how we do this stuff at a Linux conference"
- Could use better projector or a TV with a stand
- Could have had projector screen
- House lights could not go down
  - We likely cannot have additional control of environment. Maybe. High doubts.
  - Maybe we can wheel in a TV, that solves lights problem
- It was a bit confusing but people were having fun and laughing
- Virtual integration was awkward, didn't really allow for virtual attendance
- Would be nice to have it properly hyrbid next year

##### Venue (Salt)
- We should have booked more time for setup so that we could test things before speakers started giving talks
- HDMI cables from UW were sucking, in locked cabinets we could not access
- UW moves very slowly
- They don't want us moving tables
- Can we do something to not have to tear down the entire expo hall overnight?
  - We have to have some room for the whole day, then can pay overnight storage fee
- Need to book earlier so we can get the same rooms both days
- Elevator confusion, there were two elevators
  - Need signage to/from elevators on all floors
- Outdoor signs held up well to the storm
  - Signage on pillars went well
  - Door signs would be nice to have graphically designed so visually consistent and people know it's SeaGL
- Room bags were not in a great state before the conference.
  - In a great state now
  - Made worse by packing rooms quickly so things got thrown into bags
  - Would be nice to have better bags maybe
    - Boxes? Pelicans? Rubber-maid?
    - Stuff like this can get expensive
- Food permit.
  - We did not have this and so we fed people crackers and potato chips from Costco boxes.
  - Lunch was "there's a food court downstairs"
  - We did not have money for food
  - Not enough time to go get food on the Ave and eat and come back
    - for staff
  - Attendee food scheduling and arrangements are different from staff food scheduling and arrangements
  - Food court was open on Friday
- Would be nice if we had more signage to/from HUB from off-site or around the HUB
- Being surrounded by random students creates good and bad sides
  - Low trust society
  - We get people who don't know about FOSS starting to learn stuff
  - Drive-by engagement
  - We need drive-by engagement to exist
- We booked the hallway AND the chair lounge area
  - Did not use the lounge area
  - We could have roped it off
    - UW surprisingly did not rope it off
  - People did not know that the lounge was belonging to SeaGL.
    - Students just treated it like normal lounge time.
- Consider being hosted in CS building?
- Power strip tripping hazard
  - Better taping-down helped on day 2 for main thoroughfare
  - Maybe there were better outlets available for use
  - We could rope it better if we had different table designs perhaps
- Trash bins were supposed to be part of the reservation
  - Should have been physically closer
  - Venue requested us to request garbage bin service
  - Front-desk did give us trash out of the goodness of their hearts, we need to request this next year

##### Outstanding 2023 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2024
- [ ] review health/safety policy at start of 2024
- [ ] link watch-pages from OSEM
- [ ] plan enough lead time for food permits
- [ ] rebrand career expo to clarify it isn't a job fair
- [ ] consider planning Blender film festival with enough lead time for submissions
- [ ] spend more time making sure social events have virtual anologes or hybrid integration
- [ ] add more setup/teardown time to venue reservation
- [ ] add overnight storage to venue reservation
- [ ] try to reserve same presentation rooms for both days
- [ ] add signage to/from elevators
- [ ] consider better room bag containers
- [ ] consider purchasing staff lunch so they don't need to leave site
- [ ] add signage to direct folks across large campus
- [ ] add signage to clarify which areas are conference space
- [ ] minimize tripping haszards, especailly due to power strip
- [ ] ensure garbage cans are included in venue reservation
- [ ] expand venue directions (#404) and details (#405)
- [ ] create canonical list of things to print and deadlines for adding to list
  - signage for directions
  - program/badges
  - explanation of things you decorate your badge with
  - volunteer packet
  - speaker packet
  - 10 min left, 5 min left, (reminders/warning for speakers)
  - room signs, have a schedule of talk per room (inside and outside)
  - QR code that links to virtual rooms
    - dependent on matrix space being created
  - Mask-up inside the room REQUIRED
  - Mask RECOMMENDED on other spaces.
  - signage for teagl
  - signage for career expo
  - hiring/seeking job board
- [ ] create canonical inventory to track supplies, lanyards, gifts, etc

##### Important Links

---

#### CoC: Code of Conduct
- Violations or things that came up?
  - No
- We are lucky to have a good community
- It has occasionally become a problem in-person
- Maybe we would not have been able to do anything about it if something did come up

##### Outstanding 2023 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2024

##### Important Links

---

#### [Finance](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_finance) (Hans and Norm)
- We need to work on how we are doing things internally
- Need to get sponsors
- Reimbursement process went well
- Resolved issues with OSI
- We have credit cards now
- Finance had more meeting cancellations than any other committee.
  - When scheduling meetings, put the COMMIT in COMMITTEE

##### Outstanding 2023 TODOs
- [ ] transfer storage payment to seagl cc (Salt)
- [ ] add to tech budget to finance agenda
- [ ] schedule budget & finance review with OSI to close out the books
- [ ] ensure keynotes are reimbursed
- [ ] ensure all sponsorships have been collected
- [ ] process reimbursement requests
  - especially from Salt and tech
- [ ] send receipts for pex card purchases to OSI (Salt)

##### TODOs for 2024

##### Important Links

---

#### [IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA)
- We did a blog post
  - That's it
- We had diversity

##### Outstanding 2023 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2024
- [ ] apply for CHAOSS diversity badge
- [ ] send IDEA email to groups before CFP opens
 
##### Important Links

---

#### [Partnerships](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_partnerships) (Robin)
- We got some last-minute sponsors
- We operated 2023 as a defecit
- Need better comms with sponsors
  - When to arrive
  - What to bring
  - Can you leave your stuff overnight
- Is Google gonna pay us?
  - Hopefully!
- Sponsors need to know what is and is not included in sponsorship
- Didn't advertise to locals, need that pre-CfP
- All sponsors didn't make it into pamphlet, no single-source of truth
- Need starbucks and SFC onto website
- Ada's wants to sell books
  - Would have maybe happened in '23 if we had regular comms
- We need local people doing local partnerships
  - Biking around with flyers
  - Knowing local businesses

##### Outstanding 2023 TODOs
- [ ] add SFC and starbucks to website
- [ ] write thank you messages to sponsors

##### TODOs for 2024
- [ ] create exhibitor template email
  - when to arrive
  - what to bring
  - whether stuff can be left overnight
- [ ] update prospectus to clarify what is an add-on
- [ ] create timeline that includes deadlines to be included in printed materials
- [ ] attend and advertise to more local groups
- [ ] table at more events
  - LFNW
  - SCaLE
  - ???

##### Important Links

---

#### [Programming & Flow](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Program_2023) (Dawn)
- consider allowing in-person but prerecorded talks
  - Need to do this before the CfP
  - we did have one of these in 2023
- ask at the CfP stage whether speakers are planning on being virtual/prerecorded/in person
- consider dropping 20 minute talk slots in years where we struggle to get speakers
- consider making Sunday (or thursday, or something) an all virtual day and we all participate completely remotely
  - potentially even a different weekend
  - sundays are often conflicts
- problem came up with speaker in stale streamyard room, need someone in room with virtual speakers
  - better solution, have speakers show up to speaker lounge, speaker doesn't get url until time of
  - warm handoffs are the big point here
- get speakers their remote links earlier, hopefully with time to practice on the remote platform
- need to set time slots to what the speaker expects to present, not including breaks
  - highlight that time includes q/a
- too many contact spaces to get through to anyone
  - potential: if speaker asks in speaker-help, patch asks if emergency, if yes it opens pagerduty or something
- need better instructions for moderators
  - Improve speaker-moderator handoff consistency. Maybe the moderators should announce/introduce themselves before passing onto the speaker. Moderators should also let live chatters know that questions can be posted any time during the talk and will be raised later.
  - larger organization problem is that a lot of this was being handled by tech ad-hoc
- overall we had a good program, content fit our community
- CfP timeline was messed up
  - Complaint that it was too early for speakers to be able to submit
  - Open too long
  - Also for the first 2 and a half months it effectively was not open because there was zero publicity.
  - We should go all out when we open it.
- Some proposals were OSEM software bug for timezones got killed
- Last-minute room changes were hectic and caused lots of confusion
  - Changing rooms 2 and 3
  - Moving talk to room 1 because someone cancelled
- Prerecorded talks being the wrong length or not watchable
  - need q/a of precrecorded talks, and guidelines
- Keynotes at the top and bottom of the schedule keeps people sticking around
  - Attendees (probably) prefer both at the top
- Salt needs to do opening remarks before keynotes start
  - Opening remarks need to be on the schedule
- Some people unhappy about how early the conference started
  - Every conference starts this early in the morning
  - Students and tech workers are night owls
- Need short break between last talk and social events
- keynote selection process was very late, usually before cfp

##### Outstanding 2023 TODOs
- [ ] write thank yous to speakers

##### TODOs for 2024
- [ ] have presenters include their method of presentation during cfp submission
- [ ] consider updating accepted talk lengths and types
- [ ] consider all virtual day, consider all workshop day
- [ ] update proceedure for speaker check-in, include warm handoff to make sure they are in the correct room (in-person or virtual)
- [ ] provide remote speakers window to practice with platform
- [ ] ensure time slots are scheduled to include breaks
- [ ] ensure speakers are aware that time slot includes q/a, up to them if they want to leave time
- [ ] reduce number of contacts so that speakers always are going to a monitored channel
- [ ] update proceedure for speaker-moderator handoffs, including introductions, how questions are being handled, how speaker will be notified of remaining time
- [ ] consider CFP timeline, expectation of not being too early, but also leaving enough time to put together program
- [ ] work with outreach to make sure cfp is publicity is ready before opening
- [ ] verify OSEM closes CFP when we say that it will close
- [ ] ensure OSEM registration is open
- [ ] avoid moving talks between rooms due to cancellations
- [ ] update policies surrounding pre-recorded talks
- [ ] schedule opening/closing remarks explicitly
- [ ] add break between last presentations of day and social events 
- [ ] start keynote selection process much earlier, well before CFP opens

##### Important Links

---

#### [Promotion & Outreach](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_outreach) (Alfredo and Mateus)
- Everything was announced
- Would have been nice to have keynote topics and abstracts earlier
  - We had the speakers but no clue what they were talking about
- We should think about branding and templates before we even send out the CfP
- Thanks for creating graphics for LinuxMagazine engagements
- We had a lot of social media this year and it was cool
  - At least two people came because they saw it on LinkedIn
  - Posting on LinkedIn is hard
- No push to get flyers up

##### Outstanding 2023 TODOs
- [ ] create save-the-date graphic for 2024 (Mateus)
  - form factors for social media and probably magazine ads
- [ ] update matrix with new sticker pack (Salt)

##### TODOs for 2024
- [ ] create timeline for when information to promote is expected, e.g., keynote bios, topics, and abstracts
- [ ] create branding templates before CFP opens
- [ ] prioritize externally usable assets, e.g., LinuxMagazine ads
- [ ] consider how to promote local people flyering
- [ ] create system to track reocurring scheduled (e.g., monthly) sponsor mentions
- [ ] update matrix room icons

##### Important Links

---

#### [SRE & Technical](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech) (AJ)
- Yeah...
- Let's just talk about serving the rest of the conference right now. No infrastructure discussion.
- Tech should have its own retrospective to talk about how semi-shit everything went
- People were not happy with project planning
  - Todo and Github Issues leaves people unhappy
  - Can tech team provide better project management?
- Collaborative documents are cool. Nextcloud? Etherpad?
- Mass-mailing was a bit of a pain
- Matrix space existed and did its thing. No issues
- Room laptops are cool to have
  - Large discussion on this front in tech retrospective
- Are there small things that tech can fix for you and make your life much better?
- Tech hurting for volunteers (everyone was hurting for volunteers)
  - Hard to know where to begin
  - Information is all over the place
- It would be nice to have quick on-site comms such as walkie talkies
  - HUB doesnÂ´t want this
  - FCC maybe cranky if we used baofengs
  - Registration desk could act like a switchboard if they had more laptops
  - Also designated registration human

##### Outstanding 2023 TODOs
- [ ] have 2023 tech retrospective
- [ ] process and publish videos
  - [ ] get laptops out of storage and backup recordings (Salt)
  - [ ] get recordings to Romeo (Salt)
  - [ ] process recordings and upload them to shared drive (Romeo)
  - [ ] make sure they are formatted correctly for internet archive and upload (Andrew)
- [ ] spin down 2023 conference-specific services

##### TODOs for 2024
- [ ] consider offering better project management solution than GitHub
- [ ] find collaborative document replacement to GSuite
- [ ] explore better mass-mailing options
- [ ] host "small things tech can fix for you" meeting
- [ ] consider on-site rapid communication, e.g., walkie talkies
- [ ] automate the deployment of the ephemeral homeserver through GitHub Actions
- [ ] explore escalation tools for things like moderation, outages, etc. (e.g., PagerDuty)
  - in general, escalation for speakers was unclear
- [ ] explore hiding restricted space from attendee portal
- [ ] pause videos on /watch when tabs are switched
- [ ] add matrix room links to OSEM
  - what happens to these after the server is spun down?

##### Important Links

---

#### [Volunteers](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_volunteers)
- communicate that all matrix conversations during the event should take place in rooms within the conference space, e.g., orchestration
- Printed out volunteer sheet for day 2 but there was no contact info. Need a better system / piece of paper
  - paper needs contact info
  - should have used a template instead of made up ad-hoc
  - Batching talks together went well
- Better way to communicate with volunteers
- This committee did not exist in '23
- Dimsum went well
- Volunteer pamphlets were printed but not used
  - Need volunteer trainings
  - Also there's no single source of documentation
  - Tech made some new stuff this year but it wasn't integrated with the old, half-outdated half-ok stuff
- This committee should not just be at-event
  - Also in-person coworking and funding
- Being a hybrid conference requires 1.5-2x the volunteers just to manage the chat rooms as well
- If we don't have the volunteers to do things, those things don't get done
  - At some point we can't do hybrid or can't do in-person becasue we don't have the manpower
  - This is sour
- Are there things that we should pause until we get enough people so that we can focus on the core things that make the conference exist? (idea, etc)
  - Google and maybe Gnome should fund IDEA
  - IDEA initial reach-out lets us get volunteers that we otherwise don't have
  - We need people who cannot into technology to run things that are not technology
- Do we have any ability to rope in student volunteers from some department?
  - Maybe a CS professor would have compassion on our cause and give his students some incentive to help us

##### Outstanding 2023 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2024
- [ ] update policies to clarify that all matrix conversations during event take place within event space (e.g., orchestration)
- [ ] create at-event volunteer sign-up system, needs to include contact info, role, and schedule
- [ ] update volunteer materials to align with tech changes
- [ ] promote in-person (and remote) co-working times
- [ ] ensure there are volunteer training sessions before the event
  - makes sure material aligns with reality
  - makes sure volunteers have access to comms
  - increases likelihood volunteers show-up
- [ ] create list of volunteer positions, and deadlines for cancelation if slots aren't filled

##### Important Links

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- Documentation needs to leave Salt's brain and enter textfiles
- Filling committees, two chairs each
  - How to do this is unknown
  - This is a large weight on Salt's shoulders
  - Maybe reach out to speakers and ask them to shill our need for volunteers and chairs to other conference organizers
- Impresario does too many things, is getting tired of doing these things
- Does not want to carry the weight anymore
- Would be good to do 1:1s with committee chairs
  - Trying to not attend every single meeting, but functionally needs to attend every meeting
  - 1:1 meetings help to move people along since they are individual meetings between two people and you can't sit there quietly in the corner
    - I (AJ) suspect this will help get people unstuck earlier and reduce the need to attend a bunch of committee meetings later.
- Salt can sit in less meetings if we have better documentation of what needs to happen when

##### Outstanding 2023 TODOs
- [ ] write thank yous to volunteers
- [ ] select year 12 theme

##### TODOs for 2024
- [ ] create/update various documentation
- [ ] ensure committee chairs are filled
- [ ] schedule more 1:1s with committee chairs, maybe monthly
- [ ] attendee less committee meetings
- [ ] find Jr. Impresario

##### Important Links

---

### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
... ha

---

## Wrap-up

### 11/13 - New TODOs
#### General
- [ ] finish adding numbers to retrospective metrics section (everyone)
- [ ] select 2024 date (Salt)
- [ ] create list of emails for thank yous (Salt)
	- include speakers, volunteers, sponsors
	- include checkbox for swag stuff
	- include reimbursement status
- [ ] send thank you emails
  - include save the date
  - include call for volunteering
  - include call for feedback
  - include update on where to look for videos when published
  - include ask about being removed from mailing lists?
  	- announce
  	- organize
  	- past-speakers
	- [ ] speakers
		- include preference for receiving speaker gifts
		- include instructions for how to use speaker gifts
		- [ ] draft speaker thank you emails (Romeo)
		- [ ] speaker with many issues
			- [ ] draft apology additions (Romeo)
		- [ ] keynotes
			- include reimbursement status/instructions
			- [ ] draft keynote thank you emails (Romeo)
	- [ ] sponsors
		- [ ] draft sponsor thank you emails (??)
		- [ ] draft fiscal sponsor (OSI) additions (Hans?)
	- [ ] volunteers
		- include gift info
		- ask about interest in getting more involved, e.g. looking for chairs early
		- [ ] draft volunteer thank you emails (Salt)
	- [ ] attendees
		- send to seagl-announce and blog
	- [ ] venue
		- include ask for outstanding expenses
		- include ask for receipt
		- include ask about scheduling next year
		- include specific thanks to IT folks
		- [ ] draft venue thank you email (Salt)
	- [ ] printer
		- thank for rush order
- [ ] distribute 2023 swag
	- [ ] get swag and shipping envelopes out of storage and to person who will ship (Salt)
	- [ ] ship 2023 swag and update list (??)
- [ ] get 2023 reimbursement requests in ASAP (everyone)
#### Finance
- [ ] transfer storage payment to seagl cc (Salt)
- [ ] add to tech budget to finance agenda
- [ ] schedule budget & finance review with OSI to close out the books
- [ ] ensure keynotes are reimbursed
- [ ] ensure all sponsorships have been collected
- [ ] process reimbursement requests
  - especially from Salt and tech
- [ ] send receipts for pex card purchases to OSI (Salt)
#### Partnerships
- [ ] add SFC and starbucks to website
- [ ] write thank you messages to sponsors
#### Programming & Flow
- [ ] write thank yous to speakers
#### Promotion & Outreach
- [ ] create save-the-date graphic for 2024 (Mateus)
  - form factors for social media and probably magazine ads
- [ ] update matrix with new sticker pack (Salt)
#### SRE & Technical
- [ ] have 2023 tech retrospective
- [ ] process and publish videos
  - [ ] get laptops out of storage and backup recordings (Salt)
  - [ ] get recordings to Romeo (Salt)
  - [ ] process recordings and upload them to shared drive (Romeo)
  - [ ] make sure they are formatted correctly for internet archive and upload (Andrew)
- [ ] spin down 2023 conference-specific services
#### Impresario
- [ ] write thank yous to volunteers
- [ ] select year 12 theme


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] thank you for attending / save the date


### Timeline
- November 1-2 or 8-9 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2024

### Next All-Hands Meetings
- SeaGL 2024 Dates & Venue Discussion: Monday, November 20th @ 5pm Pacific Time (2023-11-21 01:00 UTC)
- SeaGL 2024 Kick-off: ?? probably January or February
  - would be nice to have a full break month
  - will have no expected seagl meetings for second half of december and first half of january

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- CoC: 
- Finance: 
- IDEA: 
- Partnerships: 
- Programming & Flow: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE & Technical: 
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
- Romeo:
  - draft email to speakers and keynotes, share in all staff
  - ask post master about shipping speaker gifts
  - email salt about how many speaker gifts we are shipping
  - draft specific apology to bryna
- Dawn:
  - Impressed that the retro has been so long
  - This year was always going to be hard (difficult)
  - Skeleton crew in-person happened
  - Momentum into building back up post-covid
  - Thank you Salt
- Salt:
  - Glad that it happened
  - Glad that everyone is here
  - Stress on others hurts, feel sorry to be the cause
  - Thank you everyone for making SeaGL happen
  - Cleaning up these notes
  - Submitting reimbursements
  - Lots of open to-do's
  - Thinking about year 12 theme
  - Need to visit storage to get laptops out
- Andrew:
  - Thank you Salt
  - Very exciting part of the year, lots of possibilities
- Norm: (left eary)
- AJ:
  - Flipflopping between sleepy time and SeaGL work
  - Lots of info
  - Thank you Salt, lots of stress to Impres(s)(ario)
  - This year was a success
- Alfredo:
  - Thanks everyone for being here
  - There were points where it felt like we wouldn't have a conference in 2023 (see: LFNW)
  - We are in a good state for next year
  - It was a great experience this year
  - Attendees enjoyed it
  - Next year will be an improvement on this year
- Hans:
  - Thanks for everyone sitting through the meeting
  - Good seeing people in-person again
  - Good conversations
  - It went well in many ways
- Hansem: (left early)
- Cameron:
  - I can try to volunteer again for 2024 depending on where I go to college because I won't be in Seattle.
  - Basically if I can get to SeaGL cheaply enough I can volunteer again 


### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. editing pass for language and formatting
2. collect and dedupe New TODOs
3. upload notes to GitHub
4. make copy of file, rename with next meeting dates
5. update dates at beginning and near end of pad
6. clear attendees and wrap-up
7. remove TODOs that have been completed
8. clear irrelvant notes from past TODOs
9. move up New TODOs, add heading level and remove text
10. clear New TODOs
11. clear committee updates
12. clear new items
13. upload agenda to GitHub
14. update etherpad
15. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  - ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Task States
- [/] started
- [x] completed
- [#] cancelled
- [-] irrelevant
- [<] backlogged
- [>] refocused

-->

