<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 Outreach
- Thursday, October 26th, 2023. 6pm Pacific Time (2023-10-27 02:00 UTC)
- Shared Pad: https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_outreach
- Jitsi URL: https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_outreach

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: 
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: 
- Note Taker(s): 
- Note Taker(s) for next meeting: 

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda

### Previous TODOs
#### 6/8
- [ ] finalize theme phrasing, "Going to 11!!", "Taking it to 11" or similar
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2023/20230331-0403-all-staff.md#seagl-11-theme-salt
- [ ] create designs/banners that display year 11 theme
  - different dimensions for different social media site
  - idea: patch as dj, tux in chair, https://preview.redd.it/xuoizz42mcy61.jpg?auto=webp&s=c836d9492668b936893ebd890ffb2653c079aa35

#### 6/22
- [ ] create issue to track 2023 media asset done-ness
  - banners
    - [ ] github
  - outreach
    - [ ] press kit
      - https://seagl.org/press
  - [ ] matrix rooms
    - public
    - staff
      - committees
    - archive?

#### 09/07
- [/] update sticker repo readme about adding new ones then close #220
  - also make sure to include the logo in the new pack https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/221
  - [ ] update Telegram sticker pack (mateus)
  - [ ] create new Signal sticker pack (mateus)
  - [ ] update Matrix sticker pack (Salt)
  - [ ] create a guide for adding stickers on the repo (mateus)
- [/] start on social posting schedule up to (and after) event (alfredo)

#### 10/05
- [ ] Create talks social images (e. g. https://github.com/SeaGL/outreach/tree/main/design/talks/2021 )
  - get the csv file with talks information
  - generate the images

#### 10/12
- [ ] post physical fliers, update spreadsheet
  - flyer: https://seagl.org/fliers/2023/SeaGL_2023_Keynotes_single_page_poster.pdf
  - list to avoid duplicating effort: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1j9GtqLxhm4v2l6XcKAjB_Lvu5z_d4L_YfAZUiUdSmTc/
- [ ] compile list of signs for different spaces
  - look at existing ones and see which ones need update
  - 10 min left, 5 min left, (reminders/warning for speakers)
  - room signs, have a schedule of talk per room (inside and oputside)
  - QR code that links to virtual rooms
    - depends on room being created (Tech/Andrew)
  - Mask-up inside the room REQUIRED
  - Mask RECOMMENDED on other spaces.
- [ ] request signage from experience comittee / teagl
- [ ] post IDEA blog post, maybe next week

#### 10/19
- [ ] create icons for 2023 virtual rooms (online and in person, virtual part in matrix)
  - SeaGL 2023
    - Welcome
    - Announcements
    - Current Sessions
    - Hallway
      - Lobby
      - Social
      - Sponsors
    - Information
      - Info Booth
      - Bot Help
      - Speaker Help
      - Sponsor Help
      - Volunteering
    - Restricted
      - Orchestration
      - Volunteers
      - Bot administration
      - Mjolnir control
    - Upcoming Sessions
    - Completed Sessions
  - sub-rooms can be main room icons with different colors/something different
- [ ] ask sticker illustrator if they could come up with this picture (Salt)
- [ ] update Telegram sticker pack (mateus)
- [ ] create new Signal sticker pack (mateus)
- [ ] update Matrix sticker pack (Salt)
- [ ] create a guide for adding stickers on the repo (mateus)
- [ ] create social media image for IDEA post


### New Items
<!--
#### Item Subject (item facilitator)
-->

#### Open PR for graphic assets
- https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/403/
- looking to merge and close this, are these assets fine?
- there's a list of other things we'd like to add, do we have assets for them?


### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up
### 10/26 - New TODOs

### Next Meeting
Thursday, November 2nd @ 5pm Pacific Time (2023-11-03 01:00 UTC)

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->


### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub
3. change dates and links
4. clear finished previous TODOs
5. clear new items section
6. move new TODOs to previous section
7. clear sign-off round
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Task States
- [/] started
- [x] completed
- [#] cancelled
- [-] irrelevant
- [<] backlogged
- [>] refocused

-->

