<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 All-Staff
- Monday, September 18, 2023. 5pm Pacific Time (2023-09-19 01:00 UTC)
- Week -6
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2023)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [Nextcloud access request form](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/s/NysGPmNgbqwNXq7yNJAJakL2)
- [2023 Shared Calendar](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/calendar/p/MjxzSj8TYdnGAGT9)
- [2023 Calendar iCal](https://cloud.seagl.org/remote.php/dav/public-calendars/MjxzSj8TYdnGAGT9?export)
- [2022 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Salt, Andrew, Dawn, der.hans, Robin, Alfredo (late)
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): 


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `### New Items` below
-->

### Previous TODOs
#### 03/03-06
- [ ] create chairs recruitment blog post, maybe with application and social graphic (Salt, Monica, and anyone who can help)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_volunteers
  - may rework for a here's what we are looking for RIGHT NOW, and send the full one later

#### 04/28-5/01
- [>] reach out to King County and see if they know anything about getting bulk Covid-19 tests for events (??)
  - flox_advocate: inexpensive bulk tests link from Sumana, https://www.maskwholesale.eu/rapid-tests/
    - flox_advocate: full long post - https://mastodon.social/@brainwane@social.coop/110555233185860076

#### 06/09-12
- [-] ask lfnw if they'd be interested in going in on an order of c19 tests (Salt)
  - lfnw 2024 has been postponed (https://discuss.lfnw.org/t/673)

#### 06/23-26
- [ ] decide what to do with the IRC bridge (Tech, AX)

#### 07/7-10
- [x] go through Nathan's notes and about collated spreadsheet for blacking out cells for programming (Dawn)

#### 07/21-24
- [ ] update and codify coc response for hybrid experience (AX)
  - prior issue here: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/167
- [ ] figure out how to update prospectus about which add-ons require sponsorship levels (Finance)
  - discussed, considers low priority given nearness of this year's event
- [x] start gh issue about planning participant party (venue, food, activities) (Salt)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/380
  - extended HUB reservation, evening food without alcohol, goto bars later
  - will make this plan plan, rather than fallback, within next two weeks

#### 08/04-07
- [ ] find someone to own running TeaGL (??)
  - up to the event operator how big it is
    - could include tea swap, remote/anonymous/etc
    - could include pastries and planned activities
  - someone needs to at least make sure we have HOT WATER

#### 08/18-21
- [>] discuss COVID test kits budget requirements (finance)

#### 09/01-04
- [x] make sure to ask for in-person or virtual in speaker acceptance emails (programming)
- [x] test talk acceptance notices (programming)

#### 09/08
- [x] add task status indicator to discussion mechanisms section (Salt)
- [ ] send IDEA outreach message (Salt, wilco)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA
- [ ] recruit someone working on in-person volunteers ASAP (Salt)
  - role overview:
    - create list of what areas need voluneers
    - create list of how many volunteers are needed for each area
    - create materials for volunteers, training and reference
    - schedule volunteer trainings
    - recruit volunteers, pre-event and on-site
    - on-board new volunteers, especially to matrix space
- [x] schedule attendee experience meet with Tech, Dawn, and Salt (aj)
  - https://whenisgood.net/seagl-2023-ax-2
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_experience
- [x] fill out poll to decide on best weekly meeting time through November (everyone)
  - https://whenisgood.net/z7j8cj2
  - decide by EOD Tuesday 9/12
- [ ] pay for venue deposit (Salt)
- [ ] post flyers around town and in your office (everyone)
  - flyers: https://seagl.org/fliers/2023/
  - list to avoid duplicating effort: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1j9GtqLxhm4v2l6XcKAjB_Lvu5z_d4L_YfAZUiUdSmTc/
- [x] fill out attendee XP time survey if you can help with the committee (everyone)
  - https://whenisgood.net/seagl-2023-ax-2
- [x] send out scheduling poll for in-person working session week of 18th (Salt)
  - https://whenisgood.net/kwj385z


### Committee Updates
<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide
-->

#### [Attendee Experience](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_experience)
- meeting right after this one

#### CoC

#### [IDEA](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA)

#### [Finance](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_finance)
- still working on contract with Google, working out issues between them and OSI

#### [Partnerships](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_partnerships)
- finished going through spreadsheet aside from some meetups local to seattle
- eff was most recent one that had likelihood of being a sponsor
- good time to reach back out to sponsors who we haven't heard back from
- sri volunteered to assist here
- [ ] setup partnerships meeting with sri, robin, and hans (der.hans)

#### [Programming & Flow](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Program_2023)
- provisionally have 4 keynotes
  - working on travel logistics
- talk acceptances have gone out
  - have ~35 confirmed (!)
  - one being pulled because they are keynoting
  - could waiting to hear back about logistics
  - pinging anyone unconfirmed today
  - pinging anyone who hasn't given enough details today
  - so far about 50/50 in-person/virtual
- [ ] confirm keynote travel logistics before announcing keynotes (Salt)
  - Hong Phuc Dang
  - Deb Nicholson
  - Kaylea Champion
  - Sri Ramkrishna
- [ ] update flyers with keynote names (Outreach)
- Hong has given two topics, preferences?
  - sustainability
  - building bridges between communities for greater innovation
  - second one maybe more aligned with what seagl does as a whole, first one maybe talked about less
  - general sentiment towards the first topic
- might be nice to have an all-virtual room for schedule
  - help with space limitations
  - help with people moving around physically/virtually
  - if we can stream out talks in-person that would be good too
  - may have a bias to morning presentations for people presenting from GMT-ish
- would be nice to have numbers of people from outside of USA who are speaking
  - at the moment we have 3-4 continents
- [ ] ask OSI for talk acceptance letter for visa purposes (Salt)

#### [Promotion & Outreach](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_outreach)
- new digital stickers!!!
- social media schedule being created
- linux magazine ads are in

#### [SRE & Technical](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech)
- tech@ thread with UW for A/V stuff: https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/tech/c/aYbJEkSo0Lg/m/SVq-ESEIAgAJ
- haven't been meeting much, working on rescheduling to be more convienent
  - https://whenisgood.net/seagl-2023-tech-weekly
  - moving to weekly
- priorities blocked on AX meeting, should be unblocked after tonight

#### [Volunteers](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_volunteers)


### New Items
<!--
#### Item Subject (item facilitator)
-->
#### In-person co-working
- https://whenisgood.net/kwj385z
- only one response so far...
- probably thursday or friday at 7pm
- probably in u-district for ease of salt attending

#### C19 tests
- flox_advocate: inexpensive bulk tests link from Sumana, https://www.maskwholesale.eu/rapid-tests/
  - flox_advocate: full long post - https://mastodon.social/@brainwane@social.coop/110555233185860076
- if doing, need to order soon, especially if ordering from europe
- previous events ~200 people, multiple days, multiple tests
- we aren't charging people to show up, community obligation
- do events that have taken place have extras they could forward on?
  - fossy, python, etc.
- unless we bring in a sponsor, probably won't be able to provide tests
- [ ] put together explicit call for health/wellness sponsor if we want to have tests (Partnerships)
- is there a world where there's a surge and we would bail on in-person
  - unless there is a national emergency that allows for refund of costs, not bailing


### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up

### 09/18 - New TODOs
- [ ] setup partnerships meeting with sri, robin, and hans (der.hans)
- [ ] confirm keynote travel logistics before announcing keynotes (Salt)
- [ ] update flyers with keynote names (Outreach)
- [ ] ask OSI for talk acceptance letter for visa purposes (Salt)
- [ ] put together explicit call for health/wellness sponsor if we want to have tests (Partnerships)


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] draft ready for review by ~~3/13~~ ~~3/25~~ ~~4/4~~ ??: Chairs recruitment (Salt, Ruth, Aarti, Monica)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_volunteers
  - any assistance with this appreciated
- [ ] draft by ~~4/7~~ ??: sponsor prospectus up (der.hans)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_prospectus_blog_draft
  - compilation of past posts
  - mention public health policy
  - prospectus
- [ ] application to public health pledge

### Timeline (obsolete!)
- ~~Tentatively ??: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: ~~
- Second week of March: CFP opens
- First week of April: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- ??: Sponsorship prospectus opens
- First week of May: Reach out to Keynote speakers
- Start of May: UW organised, or look at other venues
- End of May: CFP closes
- Beginning of June: CFP Review 1
- End of June: Select Speakers
- End of June: Notify Speakers
- First week of August: move to weekly all hands
- First week of August: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- End of August: Finalize Program
- ??: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Tech training for volunteers
- First week of October: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 3-4 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2023

#### Tech timeline:
- https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech#L5


### Next All-Hands Meetings
Monday, September 25th @ 5pm Pacific Time (2023-09-26 01:00 UTC)

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: right after this one
- CoC: 
- IDEA: no weekly schedule yet
- Finance: Every Monday, 2pm Pacific Time (22:00 UTC)
- Partnerships: co-located with Finance meeting
- Programming & Flow: Every second Thursday, 12pm Pacific Time (20:00 UTC) alternate week from the all-hands
- Promotion & Outreach: Every Thursday, 6pm Pacific Time (02:00 UTC)
- SRE & Technical: rescheduling
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
- Salt: 
- Andrew: not much, tech is scary, remaining volunteer time shrinking
- Dawn: glad to be here, looks like we have a schedule and speakers, hoping next year we'll have more people helping, happy that it looks like will be able to attend seagl in-person next year
- der.hans: glad to see full meeting, thanks for everything everyone is doing, scared about how much left to do in little time, looking forward to in-person again and having hybrid conference
- Sri: excited to reengage and help make seagl a success, grateful to be invited to keynote
- Robin: feeling pretty good, don't totally understand everything going on, may want to talk about where else can help
- AJ: long day, work etc, good to be here, fantastic to see so many people here, relieved to finally have AX meeting
- Alfredo: happy to see lots of people here, looking forward to work over next weeks
- Norm: looking forward, hoping things keep calm

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. editing pass for language and formatting
2. collect and dedupe New TODOs
3. upload notes to GitHub
4. make copy of file, rename with next meeting dates
5. update dates at beginning and near end of pad
6. clear attendees and wrap-up
7. remove TODOs that have been completed
8. clear irrelvant notes from past TODOs
9. move up New TODOs, add heading level and remove text
10. clear New TODOs
11. clear committee updates
12. clear new items
13. upload agenda to GitHub
14. update etherpad
15. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Task States
- [/] started
- [x] completed
- [#] cancelled
- [-] irrelevant
- [<] backlogged
- [>] refocused

-->


