# 2023-10-12

Attendees: Salt, AJ

- ppl need to know how to deliver talks
- meetings need to be about working if stuff isn't getting done

- OBS, capture card, streamyard, laptops, headphones?
- can romeo own the OBS/capture card component, AJ can own all of the remote stuff
- ask mousey to flash/configure laptops if they come through

    - this probably involves figuring out *how* we do this

- salt needs to know what eq to rent (camera, tripod, ??, headphone)

- less interested in giving in-person mic-test time, but would be good to set aside some for remote presenters
- will we have time to put together a volunteer training?

    - probably not, should be able to get someone up to speed 30 minutes before their shift


- need to generate matrix space/rooms

    - list of titles for rooms?

- need to design wearable schedules
- what data/etc does andrew need to generate these?

- update /attend with in-person and change years
- setup ephemeral matrix server (prasket)
- boost jitsi server

- any other things that are needed for patch?

side note: AWS is now using the OSI card. we couldn't switch G Suite. https://matrix.to/#/!GkthNMOKdgiNHAErwB:seattlematrix.org/$Ca8otd0qP8MYGiAcgcXqjbbCG96unRAmfUn43q0yltw?via=seattlematrix.org
