<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 All-Staff
- Monday, October 30, 2023. 5pm Pacific Time (2023-10-31 01:00 UTC)
- Week 0 !!!
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2023)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [Nextcloud access request form](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/s/NysGPmNgbqwNXq7yNJAJakL2)
- [2023 Shared Calendar](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/calendar/p/MjxzSj8TYdnGAGT9)
- [2023 Calendar iCal](https://cloud.seagl.org/remote.php/dav/public-calendars/MjxzSj8TYdnGAGT9?export)
- [2022 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Salt, Andrew, Alfredo, Dawn, AJ, Bri, Romeo, Hansem, Ellie, Cameron
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): 


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `### New Items` below
-->

### Previous TODOs
#### 07/21-24
- [<] update and codify coc response for hybrid experience (AX)
  - prior issue here: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/167

#### 09/08
- [ ] recruit someone working on in-person volunteers ASAP (Salt)
  - https://seagl.org/news/2023/09/26/Seeking-Volunteers.html
- [x] post flyers around town and in your office (everyone)
  - flyer: https://seagl.org/fliers/2023/SeaGL_2023_Keynotes_single_page_poster.pdf
  - list to avoid duplicating effort: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1j9GtqLxhm4v2l6XcKAjB_Lvu5z_d4L_YfAZUiUdSmTc/

#### 09/25
- [ ] transfer storage payment to seagl cc (Salt)

#### 10/02
- [ ] compile list of things to print (everyone)
  - [x] signage for directions
  - [x] program/badge
  - [x] volunteer packet
  - [ ] speaker packet
  - [x] 10 min left, 5 min left, (reminders/warning for speakers)
  - [x] room signs, have a schedule of talk per room (inside and outside)
  - [ ] QR code that links to virtual rooms
    - depends on room being created (Tech/Andrew)
  - [x] Mask-up inside the room REQUIRED
  - [x] Mask RECOMMENDED on other spaces.
  - [x] signage for teagl
  - [ ] career expo
  - [ ] explanation of things you decorate your badge with
- [ ] add to tech budget to finance agenda (der.hans)
- [ ] add venue directions to website (Cameron)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/404
- [ ] add venue details to website (Cameron)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/405

#### 10/09
- [x] buy variable temp glass water kettle and disposable cups at costco (salt)
- [x] add schedule to adroll (Romeo)

#### 10/16
- [ ] order coffee and food for 100 ppl (salt)
- [/] create badge/program booklet (romeo)
- [/] write week-of details blog post(s) (salt)
- [ ] update 2019 volunteer materials (alfredo, salt?)
  - compiling materials from previous years
  - some things need updates, e.g. making sure list of materials and instructions are updated
  - making sure design and dates are consistent

#### 10/23
- [x] email mateus requesting template (alfredo)
- [ ] figure out blender movie night process for ~1 hour (der.hans)
- [ ] get reimbursement requests in as GH issues (everyone)
- [/] reach out to ada's about book selling (Salt)
- [ ] generate day-of spreadsheet with information such as virtual status of talks (Dawn)
- [x] talk to ellie about eq rental through com (Salt)


### Committee Updates
<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide
-->

#### [Attendee Experience](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_experience)
- been working on documentation items as outlined above
- paid for remainder of venue
- robin wrote initial teagl post, salt is incorporating it into week-of
- bri will respond about running trivia by EOD tuesday
- doors open for setup at 7:45a on Friday and 8a on Saturday, first talk room opens at 8:45 on friday, 8 on saturday
- [ ] pick things up from the storage unit on wednesday or thursday (salt, andrew)

#### CoC
- will be mentioned in blog post
- appears on program and slides

#### [IDEA](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA)
- no new form responses

#### [Finance](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_finance)
- been meeting with osi
- approved keynote reimbursements
- salt has a con cc issued if there are purchases that need to be made

#### [Partnerships](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_partnerships)
- fixed some sponsor logos

#### [Programming & Flow](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Program_2023)
- have had some recorded talks come in
- some live presenters are switching to remote
- some delayed pre-recordings
- about 50% of speakers confirmed way to present, most in-person
- need more programming committee members next year
- [ ] add volunteer committee plugs to room intros, especially "if you are interested in scheduling these talks..." for programming committee (romeo)

#### [Promotion & Outreach](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_outreach)
- built templates for printing
- sticker pack PR (discuss below)
- [ ] checkin with mateus about matrix room icons (salt)
- linux magazine promoted us again

#### [SRE & Technical](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech)
- tested stuff, can have hybrid/virtual conference
- have small details to work out, waiting to pay for streamyard
- planning live technical test on thursday
- salt reserved equiptment from uw
- dns for ephemeral matrix server made
- working with prasket to get homeserver up

#### [Volunteers](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_volunteers)


### New Items
<!--
#### Item Subject (item facilitator)
-->

#### Program review for printing
- [x] Career Expo, After Party, Trivia
- [x] after party is 17:40
- [x] Map text is small; two-page spread?
- [x] Patch lost their wings on the covers

#### New sticker pack
- https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/412
- new signal link: https://signal.art/addstickers/#pack_id=73f9746a68484a03524e5478e9b37df3&pack_key=a54f322a949fe606fbc01c0d9a7ba768f452e95cdb730bb8d9d439f8a63b8c8f
- potential concerns about the new set meaning removal of older one
- could create a new pack with just the changes
- going ahead with new pack

#### Sunday dim-sum
- people seem interested in this
- salt to send details, expect ~11am at Ocean Star
- past/present/future volunteers welcome


### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)

- we have lanyards right?
  - [ ] order additional lanyards (salt)
  - Assign meaning to the colors?
    - probably not because we don't have enough of each color for everyone

- Is TeaGL both days?
  - Only one day in OSEM
  - Two days IRL

- [ ] write message to send to seagl-announce mailing list
  - "in the next day or two, we'll publish a blog post with more details. watch seagl.org."

- print deadline for non-program stuff
  - thursday

- Can we lock rooms when we are not in them? (lunchtime, teagl)
  - Relies on UW to walk around and do it

## Wrap-up

### 10/30 - New TODOs
- [ ] pick things up from the storage unit on wednesday or thursday (salt, andrew)
- [ ] add volunteer committee plugs to room intros, especially "if you are interested in scheduling these talks..." for programming committee (romeo)
- [ ] checkin with mateus about matrix room icons (salt)
- [ ] order additional lanyards (salt)
- [ ] write message to send to seagl-announce mailing list

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->

### Timeline
- ??: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Tech training for volunteers
- First week of October: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 3-4 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2023

### Next All-Hands Meetings
Monday, November 13th @ 5pm Pacific Time (2023-11-14 01:00 UTC)

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- CoC: 
- IDEA: 
- Finance: 
- Partnerships: 
- Programming & Flow: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE & Technical: 
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
- Salt: 
    SeaGL
    Shopping
    Storage stuff
    Printing to get in
    Thanks :)
- Andrew: 
    It will perfectly work out
    Thanks everyone for helping
- Alfredo: 
    Happy, last all-hands
    Glad we're doing the event
- Dawn: 
    Happy that the list of tasks is fairly short
    We will be able to pull the whole thing off
    Thanks Alfredo for helping with talk selection
- AJ: 
    Echo what Salt said
    Futzing with a bunch of livestreaming stuff (testing StreamYard)
    Writing an e-mail for Salt
- Bri:
    determining if I can run trivia - hopefully, but spouse deterministic
    Have been to all SeaGLs, attendees don't see the duck paddling
    Tell people what to do when they need to do it (volunteers / attendees)
- Romeo: 
    Adjust times for afterparty and re-upload adroll and pamphlet
    Address pamphlet things (map?)
    Training doc for people sitting at laptops
- Hansem: 
    Using existing skills at event
    Happy to meet in-person
    Did not receive much direction, would like additional guidance
- Ellie: 
    Grateful for opportunity to help
- Cameron: 
    Contacted TechHut about logo, no response yet
    Will be there when it opens to be hands and feet
    Updated attend page pull request
- Norm: 
    Update sponsor page
    Excited for Friday
    Bus schedules permitting, arrival at 07:45 Friday

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. editing pass for language and formatting
2. collect and dedupe New TODOs
3. upload notes to GitHub
4. make copy of file, rename with next meeting dates
5. update dates at beginning and near end of pad
6. clear attendees and wrap-up
7. remove TODOs that have been completed
8. clear irrelvant notes from past TODOs
9. move up New TODOs, add heading level and remove text
10. clear New TODOs
11. clear committee updates
12. clear new items
13. upload agenda to GitHub
14. update etherpad
15. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Task States
- [/] started
- [x] completed
- [#] cancelled
- [-] irrelevant
- [<] backlogged
- [>] refocused

-->

