<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 All-Staff
- Friday, June 23, 2023. 11am Pacific Time (2023-06-23 19:00 UTC)
- Monday, June 26, 2023. 4pm Pacific Time (2023-06-27 00:00 UTC)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2023)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [2023 Shared Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=Y18wYzI4N2NkMzRmOGQ2OTlkYjU5YjZkNTFkOGUwYjdiMjNlNGZmOTJiNWNkNzhkZTVlNzVlNDI4NGIzOTRkNTA5QGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20)
- [2023 Calendar iCal](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/ical/c_0c287cd34f8d699db59b6d51d8e0b7b23e4ff92b5cd78de5e75e4284b394d509%40group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics)
- [2022 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
#### Friday
- Attendees: AJ, Bami, wilco, Salt
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: 
- Note Taker(s): 
- Note Taker(s) for next Friday meeting: 

#### Monday
- Attendees: Alfredo, AJ, Salt, der.hans, wilco, Robin
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: der.hans
- Note Taker(s): 
- Note Taker(s) for next Monday meeting: 

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `### New Items` below
-->

### Previous TODOs
#### 03/03-06
- [ ] create chairs recruitment blog post, maybe with application and social graphic (Salt, Monica, and anyone who can help)
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cp1HChTID-C9gXIfnLBWuGRYVQY6XVbzk7vOPSUvr7g/
  - almost done, but a higher priority post first
- [ ] explore options for better timeline tracking (Salt, AJ, wilco)

#### 03/17-20
- [x] update list of places to post flyers (everyone)
  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1j9GtqLxhm4v2l6XcKAjB_Lvu5z_d4L_YfAZUiUdSmTc/
  - https://seagl.org/fliers/2023/

#### 03/31-04/03
- [ ] spread word about open SeaGL CfP far and wide (everyone)
  - https://seagl.org/cfp
  - letting people know about it is a big deal!
  - extended until june 30: https://seagl.org/news/2023/06/01/CFP-Extended.html

#### 04/14-17
- [ ] clean, combine, compile pass on committee pad (Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_committees
- [x] follow up on pending reimbursement request (Norm)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/328
- [ ] send out IDEA outreach message (Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA
  - if you have groups you have personal connections with or think would be interested please send it on

#### 04/28-5/01
- [ ] reach out to King County and see if they know anything about getting bulk Covid-19 tests for events (??)
  - https://www.costco.com/flowflex-at-home-covid-test-kit%2c-600-test-pack.product.4000153919.html
    - 600 tests for $500 at costco
    - expiration dates from Oct 2022 - Mar 2023, depending on batch
    - 400 n95 masks purchased
- [ ] write staff onboard docs, include list of expectations (Salt, wilco)

#### 05/12-15
- [ ] post flyers around town and in your office (everyone)
  - flyers: https://seagl.org/fliers/2023/
  - add details when posting to the list so we don't waste effort: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1j9GtqLxhm4v2l6XcKAjB_Lvu5z_d4L_YfAZUiUdSmTc/
- [ ] open gh issue to discuss how coc removal will be enforced (Salt)

#### 06/09-12
- [x] work on final section of chairs recruitment blog post (Monica)
- [ ] create post-cfp version of the flyer (Outreach, Alfredo)
- [ ] ask fossy and lfnw if they'd be interested in going in on an order of c19 tests (Salt)
- [ ] link social-media matrix channel from website (??)
  - https://matrix.to/#/#social-media:seagl.org
- [x] respond to volunteers who emailed participate@ (Salt)


### Committee Updates
<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide
-->

#### Attendee Experience
- Salt observes that attendee experience is going to become a bigger thing soon
  - now that we've got the venue
  - we need to think about the afterparty
- outreach in the next few weeks will need to create a post-CfP flyer
  - what do we need to list?
    - TeaGL, keynotes, etc.
- what programming is going to be going on aside from presentations?
  - this is attendee experience stuff but there is no attendee experience committee
  - maybe have specific people own certain events?
  - Monica previously drove TeaGL, Hans previously said he's into the career expo
    - let's make sure these folks still want to do these
    - hans said he is still interested in running career expo
    - [ ] ask Monica if she is still interested in running teagl (Salt)
  - potential events
    - TeaGL
    - career expo
    - after party
      - need to get location
      - Salt wants a separate alcohol free space, where expectation is that intoxicated people don't enter
      - Salt wants a quiet space for puzzles, coloring, etc. where socializing can be more introvert accessible
  - coffee / tee break in the mornings
- AJ can help with things somewhat and is interested, but is limited because a) he's not local and b) his priority is Tech

#### CoC

#### IDEA
- wilco took on the chair role, still trying to figure out how to kinda start a committee
- doing some accessibility work on seagl.org
  - biggest feedback was it doesn't say anything really about the location
    - that was before we had the contract secured.
- working with Salt to assess the venue for ramps, quiet places, gender-neutral bathrooms etc.
- want to start running meetings but Salt and wilco are currently the only ones in the committee
- start with hanging out this Wednesday to kick things off

#### Finance
- approved and purchased 400 n95 masks

#### Partnerships
- Linux Magazine and FOSSlife signed on again as media sponsors
- Ada's Books had already signed on again as media sponsor
  - may be interested in attending physically as a book sponsor
  - Ada's needs a response, Salt is going to measure the space so we know how many tables we can support
  - [ ] measure venue space for sponsor table capacity (Salt)
- Google is interested in the IDEA sponsorship
  - Google wants a response, sounds like they only want to sponsor IDEA add-on
  - [ ] clarify what sponsor level google is seeking (Salt)
- all SeaGL volunteers can propose a community group
  - [ ] create GH issue or nextcloud form for proposals (??)
- create mass mailing functionality to ease contacting sponsors (Robin)

#### Programming & Flow
- we need updates, specifically on keynote progress

#### Promotion & Outreach
- outreach published a new flyer with the new CfP dates
- [ ] email previous speakers about cfp
  - [ ] create list of previous seagl speakers (AJ)
  - [ ] write speaker email blast and prepare sending (Robin)
  - Salt says we can say there was an oversight and we can extend previous speakers more time
    - [ ] confirm whether we can push cfp review for previous speakers with programming committee (Salt)
  - mention that we finalized venue this week and that we wanted it before end of cfp

#### SRE & Technical
- not a ton to update folks on
- just doing things behind the scenes, nothing major
- AJ accidentally deleted the test Mailu instance... it will be back soonish
- [ ] connect Tech committee with UW's tech team (Salt)
  - wilco would like to help with going on-site to assess streaming hardware capabilities since they are local and have some extra time
- [ ] update Tech timeline (??, probably AJ)
- did we solve the matrix domain not working issue?
  - fix is known, but it hasn't yet been implemented
  - links on web site changed back to seattlematrix.org for now, so at least the links work
  - [ ] fix matrix domain issues (Tech)
- [ ] decide what to do with the IRC bridge (Tech)
  - could deprecate irc, could bridge into specific matrix channel, could bridge into general matrix channel
  - don't want to bridge into general channel unless we are operating forked bridge, causes users to be booted for inactivity
- Wilco is creating a web tool for searching meeting notes for action items

#### Volunteers


### New Items
<!--
#### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

#### UW Contract (Salt)
- need blog post written asap
  - wilco could co-write this with someone, or write it alone and send it out for review
  - [ ] draft blog post about uw venue (Wilco)
    - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/QwDEt-HfeI2EX0jI85XV
  - gonna drop a note in all hands, if no one's interested in syncing live, just send a draft out
  - we want to send this out to the announce list, so keep that in mind. "more information is coming soon"
  - if we have time: draft an email to the announce list, don't send it (Salt will edit and send)
  - [ ] draft email to announce list about venue, cfp, and volunteering, Salt to edit and send (??)
  - talking points
    - new location
    - expo hall
    - accessibility ( once we know )
    - have all key things in place for in person event
- no need for us to wait on blog post to let people know about the venue before posting to social media
- [ ] upload UW schematics into Google Drive (Salt)
- [ ] measure expo hall for sponsor table capacity (Salt)

#### Attending other committee meetings (Salt)
- is anyone interested in being on calendar invites for other committees?

### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up

### 06/23-26 - New TODOs
- [ ] ask Monica if she is still interested in running teagl (Salt)
- [ ] measure venue space for sponsor table capacity (Salt)
- [ ] clarify what sponsor level google is seeking (Salt)
- [ ] create GH issue or nextcloud form for proposals (??)
- [ ] email previous speakers about cfp
  - [ ] create list of previous seagl speakers (AJ)
  - [ ] write speaker email blast and prepare sending (Robin)
  - [ ] confirm whether we can push cfp review for previous speakers with programming committee (Salt)
- [ ] connect Tech committee with UW's tech team (Salt)
- [ ] update Tech timeline (??, probably AJ)
- [ ] fix matrix domain issues (Tech)
- [ ] decide what to do with the IRC bridge (Tech)
- [ ] draft blog post about uw venue (Wilco)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/QwDEt-HfeI2EX0jI85XV
- [ ] draft email to announce list about venue, cfp, and volunteering, Salt to edit and send (??)
- [ ] upload UW schematics into Google Drive (Salt)
- [ ] facilitate 7/7 meeting, maybe 7/10 as well (Wilco)


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] draft ready for review by ~~3/13~~ ~~3/25~~ ~~4/4~~ ??: Chairs recruitment (Salt, Ruth, Aarti, Monica)
  - any assistance with this appreciated
- [ ] draft by ~~4/7~~ ??: sponsor prospectus up (der.hans)
    - compilation of past posts
    - mention public health policy
    - prospectus
    - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_prospectus_blog_draft
- [ ] application to public health pledge

### Timeline
- ~~Tentatively ??: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: ~~
- Second week of March: CFP opens
- First week of April: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- ??: Sponsorship prospectus opens
- First week of May: Reach out to Keynote speakers
- Start of May: UW organised, or look at other venues
- End of May: CFP closes
- Beginning of June: CFP Review 1
- End of June: Select Speakers
- End of June: Notify Speakers
- First week of August: move to weekly all hands
- First week of August: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- End of August: Finalize Program
- ??: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Tech training for volunteers
- First week of October: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 3-4 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2023

#### Tech timeline:
- https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech#L5


### All-Hands Meetings
- Friday, July 7 @ 11am Pacific Time (2023-07-07 19:00 UTC)
  - Salt will need an alternate facilitator for this meeting.
  - Wilco can facilitate
- Monday, July 10 @ 4pm Pacific Time (2023-07-11 00:00 UTC)

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: no committee members yet
- CoC: 
- IDEA: no weekly schedule yet
- Finance: Every Monday, 2pm Pacific Time (22:00 UTC)
- Partnerships: co-located with Finance meeting
- Programming & Flow: Every second Thursday, 12pm Pacific Time (20:00 UTC) alternate week from the all-hands
- Promotion & Outreach: Every Thursday, 6pm Pacific Time (02:00 UTC)
- SRE & Technical: Every other Sunday, 2pm Pacific Time (21:00 UTC) on the same week as all-hands
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
#### Friday

#### Monday
- Alfredo: lots to do, only 4 months until event, good that we're working together on it
- Robin: working  on figuring tasks out, will get to pad later
- Salt: thanks to everyone for being here, thanks and welcome to Robin, will be out sailing next two all hands, excited about table at FOSSY
- wilco: talking to Salt Wed about what we need for FOSSY table, feel good about working w/everyone, still confused how orgs put on event when everyone's in charge, no one's charge, enjoying the learning process!
- AJ: feel good, mostly feeling tired, looking forward to getting back to more stuff for SeaGL
- der.hans: thanks everyone! we are all important. events like this are great because the community puts it on and that is more fulfilling, and more fun! fits with FLOSS vibes. I'm out for 10 days starting Monday (7/3).
  - Wilco is going to help with all-hands meetings while salt and hans are gone in their no-water/only-water situations.


### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


