<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 All-Staff
- Friday, March 31, 2023. 11am Pacific Time (2023-03-31 19:00 UTC)
- Monday, April 3, 2023. 4pm Pacific Time (2023-04-04 00:00 UTC)
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/349)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2023)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [2022 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
#### Friday
- Attendees: Dawn, Salt, Bami, Andrew, der.hans, AJ, Norm (very late, sorry).
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): der.hans
- Note Taker(s) for next Friday meeting: 

#### Monday
- Attendees: der.hans, Alfredo, Salt, Norm
- Apologies: Dawn, Monica, AJ
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): der.hans
- Note Taker(s) for next Monday meeting: 

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `### New Items` below
-->

### Previous TODOs
#### 02/20-24
- [x] open GH issue to decide whether we are signing on to https://publichealthpledge.com/ (Salt)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/353
  - Salt would like to have a decision ( or at least clear track ) by next set of all hands meetings
  - we need discussion on the item
  - [ ] review and discuss [publichealthpledge github issue](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/353) by april 14 (everyone)

#### 03/03-06
- [ ] finalize and send out IDEA initial outreach message (Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA
  - will wait at least one week for review/feedback
  - Dawn will look this week
- [x] send an open ended, "is there anything we can do together?" email to LFNW (Salt)
  - https://discuss.lfnw.org/t/your-fest-is-back/519
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_email-to-lfnw
  - make sure to cc chris from jupiter
- [ ] create chairs recruitment blog post, maybe with application and social graphic (Salt, Ruth, Aarti)
  - Ruth started the chair blog post here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cp1HChTID-C9gXIfnLBWuGRYVQY6XVbzk7vOPSUvr7g/edit?usp=sharing
  - [ ] capture committee details from old sfconservancy pads (Salt)
- [ ] explore options for better timeline tracking (Salt, AJ)

#### 03/17-20
- [x] move backlogged items to GH issues (Salt)
- [ ] set time for bi-weekly outreach meeting (Salt)
- [ ] follow up with SFC about tech stack (der.hans)
  - re discussions with Bradley and Pono at SCaLE
- [x] ask SCaLE venue about lost/found (der.hans)
  - 404: objects not found :(
- [x] set time for bi-weekly tech meeting (sntxrr, AJ)
  - 2pm on Sundays between meetings
- [ ] compile list of greater Seattle area meetups to reach out to directly, potentially with an in-person presentation (??)
  - need a local volunteer who will run this
  - this should fall under Partnerships if the committee gets off the ground
  - Salt willing to attend and do the presentations
- [ ] send content asks to promo/outreach for 2023 flyers (Dawn)
- [ ] update list of places to post flyers (??)
  - this should fall under Partnerships if the committee gets off the ground
- [ ] reach out to FOSSY about a community table (Salt)
- [ ] reach out to DevOpsDays Seattle about a community table (sntxrr)
- [ ] reach out and see whether we can get a community table at LF OS Summit NA in Vancouver (Salt)
  - May 10th-12th
  - https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/


### Committee Updates
<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide
-->

#### Attendee Experience
- Salt is making progress on venue

#### CoC
- no update

#### IDEA
- no update

#### Finance
- updated prospectus, will discuss review later in meeting
- waiting to hear back from OSI on AJs reimbursement
- [ ] reschedule weekly finance meetings (Salt)

#### Partnerships
- no update

#### Programming & Flow
- please plug CFP everywhere!
	- Dawn has no social media
- trying to schedule fortnightly meeting asap
	- meeting invite sent out
	- Thursday at noon Pacific, off-weeks from all hands

#### Promotion & Outreach
- Mateus designed initial CFP flyer/handbill
- Salt lagging behind on scheduling a regular meeting

#### SRE & Technical
- finally scheduling regular meetings
- andrew chipping away at conference infrastructure
- need to discuss prioritization of things, especially with significant backlog

#### Volunteers
- no update


### New Items
<!--
#### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

#### SeaGL 11 Theme (Salt)
- going to 11? turn it to 11? something like that
- imagine a rendition of Patch akin to Maxell "Blown Away"
  - maybe Patch as a DJ and Tux in the chair
- this one goes to 11 ( Spinal Tap )
  - are there trademark issues with a specific phrasing?
- sodium
- X11
- the eleventh hour
- going full screen
- 0xB yourself
- parallel lines
- üßçüßç
- Apollo 11
- Jane Hopper
- male swamp wallaby
- loonies

#### Review Prospectus (Salt)
- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a976EZpikv18mDbKoCoigZ0GTPB2IE1p3pnGpMMsWJw/edit
- reasonable addons?
- caught everything that was just about being virtual/remote?
- reasonable description of experience at bottom?
- reviews by Wednesday the 5th

#### Committee Chairs (Salt)
- we have a lot of blanks to fill, suggestions about doing this?
- new blog post with expectations and recruitment ask
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cp1HChTID-C9gXIfnLBWuGRYVQY6XVbzk7vOPSUvr7g/edit?usp=sharing
  - please review/add feedback
  - once posted, share widely!

##### current list of chairs
- Attendee Experience: ?? and ??
- CoC (Code of Conduct): ?? and ??
- Finance: Norm and Hans
- IDEA (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access): Aarti?? and ??
- Partnerships: ?? and ??
- Programming & Flow: Dawn and ??
- Promotion & Outreach: ?? and ??
- SRE & Technical: Don/sntxrr and AJ
- Volunteers: ?? and ??
- Impresario: Salt (but is actively seeking a junior to train up/replace)


### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Hans brought up Public Health Policy
- Salt pointed out that there might be contractural limits based on venue's requirements
- discussion also covered practical limitations, e.g. hosting at a public institution with 3rd parties also in the space
- perhaps we can have SeaGL policy for presentation rooms, expo hall, etc. but might not be able to limit public access to hallways, bathrooms, etc.


## Wrap-up
### 03/31-04/3 - New TODOs
- [ ] review and discuss [publichealthpledge github issue](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/353) by april 14 (everyone)
- [ ] capture committee details from old sfconservancy pads (Salt)
- [ ] reschedule weekly finance meetings (Salt)
- [ ] spread word about open SeaGL CfP far and wide (everyone)
- [ ] review and leave feedback about [sponsor prospectus](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a976EZpikv18mDbKoCoigZ0GTPB2IE1p3pnGpMMsWJw/edit) by Wednesday april 5th (everyone)

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] draft ready for review by ~~3/13~~ ~~3/25~~ 4/4: Chairs recruitment (Salt, Ruth, Aarti, Monica)
  - all hands Monday, review by Tuesday, so we can post Wednesday
- [ ] draft by 4/7: sponsor prospectus up (der.hans)

### Timeline
- ~~Tentatively ??: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: ~~
- Second week of March: CFP opens
- First week of April: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- ??: Sponsorship prospectus opens
- First week of May: Reach out to Keynote speakers
- Start of May: UW organised, or look at other venues
- End of May: CFP closes
- Beginning of June: CFP Review 1
- End of June: Select Speakers
- End of June: Notify Speakers
- First week of August: move to weekly all hands
- First week of August: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- End of August: Finalize Program
- ??: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Tech training for volunteers
- First week of October: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 3-4 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2023

#### Tech timeline:
- https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech#L5


### All-Hands Meetings
- Friday, April 14 @ 11am Pacific Time (2023-04-14 19:00 UTC)
- Monday, April 17 @ 4pm Pacific Time (2023-04-18 00:00 UTC)

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- CoC: 
- IDEA: 
- Finance: Every Thursday, 2:30-3pm Pacific Time (22:30 UTC)
- Partnerships: co-located with Finance meeting
- Programming & Flow: Every second Thursday, 12pm Pacific Time (20:00 UTC) alternate week from the all-hands
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE & Technical: Every other Sunday, 2pm Pacific Time (22:00 UTC) on the same week as all-hands
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
#### Friday
- Dawn: good to be back, good to schedule meeting, look forward to getting submissions, always good to see everyone's lovely faces
- Salt: glad to have shorter meeting formats, making progress on venue, looking even better than had been thinking
- Bami: look forward to working with dawn
- Andrew: not much to add, excited to learn more about venue, then we can dig into on-site av stuff, daunting but fun
- der.hans: nice to see new faces each year, virtual has been hard but time spent building infra seems to be paying off
- AJ: echo what andrew said, good to see you all

#### Monday
- der.hans: like where we are going, like we are spending time early on for new things like get IDEA going and public health pledge
- Alfredo: learning a lot by attending meetings, decisions seem very dependent on venue
- Salt: Working on a plan for the venue.  Appriciates having everyone here and quick meetings.
- Norm: Should be able to attend this weeks Finance meeting to talk about rescheduling.  Sorry.


### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


