<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 All-Staff
- Friday, April 14, 2023. 11am Pacific Time (2023-04-14 19:00 UTC)
- Monday, April 17, 2023. 4pm Pacific Time (2023-04-18 00:00 UTC)
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/356)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2023)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [2022 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
#### Friday
- Attendees: der.hans, AJ, Salt, Bami
- Apologies: Dawn
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): AJ
- Note Taker(s) for next Friday meeting: 

#### Monday
- Attendees: Salt, Dawn, wilco, AJ, Alfredo
- Apologies: der.hans
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): 
- Note Taker(s) for next Monday meeting: 

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `### New Items` below
-->

### Previous TODOs
#### 03/03-06
- [ ] finalize and send out IDEA initial outreach message (Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA
  - gonna push to have this sent by Tuesday, after the next all hands
  - concern with wording asking for free labor
  - will connect later today to revise
- [ ] create chairs recruitment blog post, maybe with application and social graphic (Salt, Ruth, Aarti)
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cp1HChTID-C9gXIfnLBWuGRYVQY6XVbzk7vOPSUvr7g/
  - not much chance to work this, Salt did dredge up some committee info
- [ ] explore options for better timeline tracking (Salt, AJ)
  - not yet connected with each other

#### 03/17-20
- [ ] set time for bi-weekly outreach meeting (Salt)
  - Salt will do after this meeting
- [ ] follow up with SFC about tech stack (der.hans)
  - re discussions with Bradley and Pono at SCaLE
  - [ ] add link to M Duffy's post about tech stack (der.hans)
  - [ ] move to GH issue (Salt)
- [ ] compile list of greater Seattle area meetups to reach out to directly, potentially with an in-person presentation (??)
  - need a local volunteer who will run this
  - this should fall under Partnerships if the committee gets off the ground
  - Salt willing to attend and do the presentations
  - Cascadia Connections
  - [ ] move to GitHub issue (Salt)
- [x] send content asks to promo/outreach for 2023 flyers (Dawn)
- [ ] update list of places to post flyers (everyone)
  - this should fall under Partnerships if the committee gets off the ground
  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1j9GtqLxhm4v2l6XcKAjB_Lvu5z_d4L_YfAZUiUdSmTc/
  - thought we had one of these before but couldn't find it, so ^^^ is the new spreadsheet
- [ ] reach out to FOSSY about a community table (Salt)
- [ ] reach out to DevOpsDays Seattle about a community table (sntxrr)
- [ ] reach out and see whether we can get a community table at LF OS Summit NA in Vancouver (Salt)
  - May 10th-12th
  - https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/

#### 03/31-04/3
- [ ] review and discuss [publichealthpledge github issue](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/353) by april 14 (everyone)
  - lots of discussion, Salt started composing a response, probably ok with signing it
  - Salt: not convinced that a full mask requirement is beneficial. probably good in small rooms.
  - we're looking at renting The Hub, open air thousand person kinda thing. lots of students are coming through, we don't have the volunteer capacity to actually police this
  - there's also this commitment that we can't reduce pre-announced requirements after we sign
  - der.hans: ??
  - also would someone want to do a $3k health sponsorship or something like that, we could bring in filters, testing equipment, etc. and donate all of it after. going to talk about this in Finance
  - Salt liked the PHP's definitions section. required vs. encouraged. we can definitely be encouraging people.
  - we're also a very different kind of event. we have this strong privacy/anonymity vein
  	- it's difficult for us to require asking people for vax cards. we shouldn't really be excluding people based on privacy things
  	- but we can ask people to do this on the honor system. maybe have an optional wristband you can use
  - timeline: would be nice to have this sooner rather than later. but we should have a public announcement of what our policy will be before the CfP closes. at the LATEST before we send out confirmations
  - Salt: I'd say end of April at the latest. that gives us a month of open CfP
  - conversation about whether to force things versus having people do it by choice
    - if we have requirement, need to moderate the room, how do we enforce?
- [x] capture committee details from old sfconservancy pads (Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_committees
  - hopefully this will help inform the chair recruitment post
  - Salt put all these on this pad, haven't started combing through and combining and etc. good start though
  - [ ] clean, combine, compile pass on committee pad (Salt)
	  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_committees
- [ ] reschedule weekly finance meetings (Salt)
- [ ] spread word about open SeaGL CfP far and wide (everyone)
	- https://seagl.org/cfp
  - concern here is lots of people don't do/are bad at social media. Dawn is in this boat
  - we have a graphic, want to get it out
  - wilco was interested in this we think
  - Salt not sure whether to mention Public Health Pledge when you send stuff about this
  - seriously, help needed!
- [ ] review and leave feedback about [sponsor prospectus](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a976EZpikv18mDbKoCoigZ0GTPB2IE1p3pnGpMMsWJw/edit) by Wednesday april 5th (everyone)
  - want to get this out yesterday. don't want to hold this up for the health sponsorship thing
  - der.hans owes a blog post, will have some time this afternoon to at least start it
  - want to make sure it has good content about being in person (which will cost money)
  - especially important because we've likely lost one of our big sponsors due to layoffs


### Committee Updates
<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide
-->

#### Attendee Experience
- Salt submitted a request for The Hub but it doesn't seem to have great presentation room resources.
- what do we feel about having people go to a different building that's a 5 minute walk to get to speaker rooms? and how big do we feel like speaker rooms need to be?
	- der.hans: ~30 people in general
	- Salt: Hub rooms are max at 30, I don't know what max means. I have one room both days that's a max of 80. but I figure we need 3 rooms, 4 would be nice
- main expo hall is going to be in a public space. exhibitors will appreciate that.
- also going to book the lounge space that has seating and fireplaces so we'd have the entire first floor of the Hub
- lounge track?
	- (lightning talks -> lounge talks??)
- Salt: potentially one track is in the Hub.
- der.hans: will be confusing, but we already had that problem previously
- Salt: accessibility is fine. there'll be an elevator entrance near to the Hub
- problem with doing the communication building for everything is there's no expo hall
- other option would be the CS building but it's a little further and I don't know details of booking it
- der.hans: for SCaLE have to do multiple buildings every year just cause we have 16 talks. there's confusion but it's fine
- q: can we separate things so the food disbursement area can be masked and you go somewhere else to eat?
	- Salt: I think so, not totally sure

#### CoC

#### IDEA

#### Finance
- one reimbursement request still pending
- still waiting for OSI, we'll follow up on it when we can, there's been some scheduling issues
- [ ] follow up on pending reimbursement request
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/328

#### Partnerships

#### Programming & Flow
- CfP is out
- behind on schedule for keynote nomination
	- keep an eye out for this, should be open ~2 weeks
- please promote cfp

#### Promotion & Outreach

#### SRE & Technical
- Nextcloud implementation seems to be coming along, not sure when though cause they've been relatively slow
- issues need to be prioritized
- productive (long) meeting yesterday
- lots happening, not year specific, but general infra
- planning on coworking to setup stuff needed to get off google
- vaultwarden setup but needs to be configured before rollout

#### Volunteers


### New Items
<!--
#### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

#### review current list of chairs (Salt)
- Attendee Experience: ?? and ??
- CoC (Code of Conduct): ?? and ??
- Finance: Norm and Hans
- IDEA (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access): Aarti?? and ??
- Partnerships: ?? and ??
- Programming & Flow: Dawn and ??
- Promotion & Outreach: ?? and ??
- SRE & Technical: Don/sntxrr and AJ
- Volunteers: ?? and ??
- Impresario: Salt (but is actively seeking a junior to train up/replace)

- things could be collapsed?
	- impresario/attendee experience, volunteers/attendee experience maybe (for day of stuff), finance/partnerships, CoC/IDEA...
	- Salt not convinced this is a good idea tho
- need to expand the core team.

### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up
### 04/14-17 - New TODOs
- [ ] add link to M Duffy's post about tech stack (der.hans)
- [ ] move "follow up with SFC about tech stack" to GH issue (Salt)
- [ ] move "compile list of greater Seattle area meetups to reach out to directly" to GitHub issue (Salt)
- [ ] clean, combine, compile pass on committee pad (Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_committees
- [ ] follow up on pending reimbursement request
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/328


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] draft ready for review by ~~3/13~~ ~~3/25~~ ~~4/4~~ ??: Chairs recruitment (Salt, Ruth, Aarti, Monica)
  - all hands Monday, review by Tuesday, so we can post Wednesday
  - any assistance with this appreciated
- [ ] draft by ~~4/7~~ ??: sponsor prospectus up (der.hans)

### Timeline
- ~~Tentatively ??: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: ~~
- Second week of March: CFP opens
- First week of April: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- ??: Sponsorship prospectus opens
- First week of May: Reach out to Keynote speakers
- Start of May: UW organised, or look at other venues
- End of May: CFP closes
- Beginning of June: CFP Review 1
- End of June: Select Speakers
- End of June: Notify Speakers
- First week of August: move to weekly all hands
- First week of August: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- End of August: Finalize Program
- ??: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Tech training for volunteers
- First week of October: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 3-4 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2023

#### Tech timeline:
- https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech#L5


### All-Hands Meetings
- Friday, April 28 @ 11am Pacific Time (2023-04-28 19:00 UTC)
- Monday, May 1 @ 4pm Pacific Time (2023-05-02 00:00 UTC)

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- CoC: 
- IDEA: 
- Finance: Every Thursday, 2:30-3pm Pacific Time (22:30 UTC)
- Partnerships: co-located with Finance meeting
- Programming & Flow: Every second Thursday, 12pm Pacific Time (20:00 UTC) alternate week from the all-hands
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE & Technical: Every other Sunday, 2pm Pacific Time (21:00 UTC) on the same week as all-hands
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
#### Friday
- der.hans: going through a lot of brain fog but getting through, glad we are tackling tough topics for seagl, stands with long term commitment to seagl commitment, want to do things right way, but also our way
- AJ: pleasure to work with y'all, looking forward to doing more stuff with seagl, dread starting but enjoy once working on it
- Salt: 
- Bami: looking forward to reengaging with programming meetings, excited to be part of seagl

#### Monday
- Salt: have a hard time nottaking and faciliating, considering whether two meetinsg with same people makes sense
- Dawn: good to see everyone again, look forward to programming progress esp keynote nominations, please plug cfp (seagl.org/cfp)
- wilco: still understanding how these events come together, appreciate patience with feedback, looking forward to a good event
- AJ: good to see everyone, feel better about tech progress, spreading cfp word
- Alfredo: (had to leave early)


### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


