<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 All-Staff
- Friday, April 28, 2023. 11am Pacific Time (2023-04-28 19:00 UTC)
- Monday, May 1, 2023. 4pm Pacific Time (2023-05-02 00:00 UTC)
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/359)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2023)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [2022 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
#### Friday
- Attendees: Salt, Andrew, AJ, Bami
- Apologies: Dawn
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): 
- Note Taker(s) for next Friday meeting: 

#### Monday
- Attendees: Monica, AJ, Salt, wilco, Jeff M (new/awesome), Norm
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): AJ
- Note Taker(s) for next Monday meeting: 

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `### New Items` below
-->

### Previous TODOs
#### 03/03-06
- [x] finalize IDEA initial outreach message (Salt, Dawn, Wilco)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA
- [ ] create chairs recruitment blog post, maybe with application and social graphic (Salt, and anyone who can help)
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cp1HChTID-C9gXIfnLBWuGRYVQY6XVbzk7vOPSUvr7g/
  - probably highest priority thing to write
  - Monica: Salt, I set time to look at this and brainstorm tomorrow (Tuesday) morning.
  - [ ] expand chairs recruitment post (Monica)
- [ ] explore options for better timeline tracking (Salt, AJ, wilco)

#### 03/17-20
- [ ] set time for bi-weekly outreach meeting (Salt)
  - proposing Thursdays at 6pm PT, still deciding on off-week or on-week
- [ ] update list of places to post flyers (everyone)
  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1j9GtqLxhm4v2l6XcKAjB_Lvu5z_d4L_YfAZUiUdSmTc/
  - Salt has made a first pass
- [x] reach out to FOSSY about a community table (Salt)
  - they said they would have them, released soon, we're on the list
- [ ] reach out to DevOpsDays Seattle about a community table (sntxrr)
- [x] reach out and see whether we can get a community table at LF OS Summit NA in Vancouver (Salt)
  - May 10th-12th
  - https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/
  - we don't have enough people to table this event at this notice, so not moving forward

#### 03/31-04/03
- [ ] review and discuss [publichealthpledge github issue](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/353) (everyone)
  - [ ] post drafted health policy and respond to external discussion (Salt)
- [ ] reschedule weekly finance meetings (Salt)
  - there is not really a good time for all three of us
  - haven't been having meetings
  - Salt is working on it
- [ ] spread word about open SeaGL CfP far and wide (everyone)
	- https://seagl.org/cfp
	- we have a month left! letting people know about it is a big deal!
- [x] review and leave feedback about [sponsor prospectus](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a976EZpikv18mDbKoCoigZ0GTPB2IE1p3pnGpMMsWJw/edit) (everyone)

#### 04/14-17
- [x] add link to M Duffy's post about tech stack (der.hans)
    - https://fosstodon.org/@mairin/110175670730166810
    - https://blog.linuxgrrl.com/2023/04/10/run-an-open-source-powered-virtual-conference/ 
- [x] move "follow up with SFC about tech stack" to GH issue (Salt)
- [x] move "compile list of greater Seattle area meetups to reach out to directly" to GitHub issue (Salt)
- [ ] clean, combine, compile pass on committee pad (Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_committees
  - this was the initial pass of how committees were defined
  - Salt would love to co-work on this to turn it into something that can be posted.
- [ ] follow up on pending reimbursement request (Norm)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/328
- [x] put sponsor prospectus on website (Salt)
	- https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Partnership_Sponsor_Prospectus_2023.pdf
- [x] draft Public Health Policy (Salt)
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S_WEq1tpK53tqvvOOxXaCh5gR6dzzr2Vx1Z1X3jcLJc/edit
- [ ] add Public Health add-on to Sponsor Prospectus (??)
  - Salt tried to do this but couldn't get the formatting quite right
  - wants to talk to the rest of Partnerships about it
- [ ] update Public Health language at end of Sponsor Prospectus (Salt)
- [x] create anonymous IDEA suggestions form (Salt)
	- https://forms.gle/fzViWSDf1PjjFY9FA
- [ ] send out IDEA outreach message (Salt)
	- https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA
	- if you have groups you have personal connections with or think would be interested please send it on


### Committee Updates
<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide
-->

#### Attendee Experience
- health policy drafted
- [ ] review seagl health and safety policy (everyone)
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S_WEq1tpK53tqvvOOxXaCh5gR6dzzr2Vx1Z1X3jcLJc/
  - AJ: I'm worried we're comitting to having rapid tests but haven't nailed down a Public Health sponsor yet.
  	- what would we do if we can't get one?
  	- per the pledge, we can't weaken the policy
  - [ ] reach out to King County and see if they know anything about getting bulk tests for events (??)
- venue is still being processed but called and they said there didn't seem to be any conflicts

#### CoC

#### IDEA
- IDEA message drafted, to be sent out this week
- [ ] add suggestions of groups that support maginalized people in tech for IDEA message (everyone)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA

#### Finance
- trying to find meeting time
- trying to get ahold of osi for open reimbursement item

#### Partnerships

#### Programming & Flow
- [ ] submit seagl keynote suggestions (everyone)
  - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfBjXyEheNM0YwFksiz3WSi5HUon-jp9WxFEe-1CN7sn_qRjQ/viewform
  - we don't want returning keynotes.
  	- can find a list on seagl.org/archive
  - but we would love former speakers who haven't keynoted yet.
  - don't worry about having double submits.
  - one of the things we put on the form was the geographical question
  	- would be nice to know if people are local, etc. because sometimes people have trouble traveling.
  	- also Vancouver is on there because it would be nice to know if the person would need a passport.
		- if you know, great, if not, no problem
		- (discussion of whether "Bay Area" is in the PNW, consensus is no??)
	- we should take nominations from everyone, but only have voting from staff
	- need social media push to get more nominations
  - Bami noted that in their own communities there's almost an expectation that any time official social media posts, you like and repost
	  - can we have some Matrix feed or something for when social media goes out so people know to repost?
    - wilco: would that be a separate channel so if you don't have Twitter or whatever, you don't have to see it?
    	- [ ] add Matrix feed bot and channel, for when social media goes out so people know to repost (Tech)
    - also are there particular hashtags we should be using on Twitter
    	- [ ] create list of various hashtags that we should be including on social media posts (Outreach)

#### Promotion & Outreach
- meeting time scheduled

#### SRE & Technical
- progress is continuing on setting up own mail server (top blocker for moving off of google)
- _probably_ starting to transition some things over next couple of weeks
- heard back from osuosl about nextcloud, sounds close (another block for moving off of google)
- no timeline promises especially re: Nextcloud

#### Volunteers
- [ ] write staff onboard docs, include list of expectations (Salt, wilco)


### New Items
<!--
#### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

#### discuss seagl health and safety policy (Salt)
- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S_WEq1tpK53tqvvOOxXaCh5gR6dzzr2Vx1Z1X3jcLJc/
- one concern is monetary commitments we are making
	- (e.g. provide masks free of charge, tests free of charge)
	- worry is that we won't find a public health sponsor.
	- Will we have money to pay for this outselves?
		- changed commit to strive for tests
	- is there a program/grant we can request tests from for an event?
	- what IS the cost to implement this? how much sponsorship do we need?
- (discussion about committing vs. striving to provide free tests. also not having vaccination requirements due to anonymity values)
	- consensus is that we don't want to create a "second class citizen" kind of situation where "first class" is tied to a vaccine check that requires an identity check. but we think voluntary identification is fine and good
- want to get this up sooner rather than later
	- people have told us they're reluctant to submit to the CfP until we get this up
- for tests, masks etc. we need to be careful about timing
	- when do they expire?

#### review current list of chairs (Salt)
- Attendee Experience: ?? and ??
- CoC (Code of Conduct): ?? and ??
- Finance: Norm and Hans
- IDEA (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access): wilco and ??
- Partnerships: ?? and ??
- Programming & Flow: Dawn and ??
- Promotion & Outreach: ?? and ??
- SRE & Technical: Don/sntxrr and AJ
- Volunteers: ?? and ??
- Impresario: Salt

- 6 committees with no chairs
- chair is intimidating term, organizer?
	- chair is barrier to entry, but doesn't mean we can't use it later on
- looking for volunteers and for people looking to help organizer those volunteers
- social message needs to include list of teams we need volunteers for
- ask don to ask around coffee ops etc
- where are all of the seattle tech workers?
- wilco: where does it say what a chair is?
	- Salt: great question, that's what that chairs blog post draft is supposed to be
- Monica can possibly take attendee experience, but not in the immediate term.
	- June/July going to be doing only Program stuff
- Salt really does appreciate you all.


### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Jeff: curious if there's good local Linux resources
- Salt: West Seattle LUG seems to be the most active
- (coffee ops discussion)


## Wrap-up
### 04/28-5/01 - New TODOs
- [ ] expand chairs recruitment post (Monica)
	- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cp1HChTID-C9gXIfnLBWuGRYVQY6XVbzk7vOPSUvr7g/
- [ ] post drafted health policy and respond to external discussion (Salt)
- [ ] review seagl health and safety policy (everyone)
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S_WEq1tpK53tqvvOOxXaCh5gR6dzzr2Vx1Z1X3jcLJc/
- [ ] reach out to King County and see if they know anything about getting bulk tests for events (??)
- [ ] add suggestions of groups that support maginalized people in tech for IDEA message (everyone)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA
- [ ] submit seagl keynote suggestions (everyone)
  - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfBjXyEheNM0YwFksiz3WSi5HUon-jp9WxFEe-1CN7sn_qRjQ/viewform
- [ ] add Matrix feed bot and channel, for when social media goes out so people know to repost (Tech)
- [ ] create list of various hashtags that we should be including on social media posts (Outreach)
- [ ] write staff onboard docs, include list of expectations (Salt, wilco)


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] draft ready for review by ~~3/13~~ ~~3/25~~ ~~4/4~~ ??: Chairs recruitment (Salt, Ruth, Aarti, Monica)
  - any assistance with this appreciated
- [ ] draft by ~~4/7~~ ??: sponsor prospectus up (der.hans)
	- compilation of past posts
	- mention public health policy


### Timeline
- ~~Tentatively ??: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: ~~
- Second week of March: CFP opens
- First week of April: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- ??: Sponsorship prospectus opens
- First week of May: Reach out to Keynote speakers
- Start of May: UW organised, or look at other venues
- End of May: CFP closes
- Beginning of June: CFP Review 1
- End of June: Select Speakers
- End of June: Notify Speakers
- First week of August: move to weekly all hands
- First week of August: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- End of August: Finalize Program
- ??: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Tech training for volunteers
- First week of October: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 3-4 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2023

#### Tech timeline:
- https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech#L5


### All-Hands Meetings
- Friday, May 12 @ 11am Pacific Time (2023-04-12 19:00 UTC)
- Monday, May 15 @ 4pm Pacific Time (2023-05-16 00:00 UTC)

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- CoC: 
- IDEA: Every Saturday @ 9am pacific?
- Finance: 
- Partnerships: co-located with Finance meeting
- Programming & Flow: Every second Thursday, 12pm Pacific Time (20:00 UTC) alternate week from the all-hands
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE & Technical: Every other Sunday, 2pm Pacific Time (21:00 UTC) on the same week as all-hands
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
#### Friday
- Salt: sorry to bring stress to this, don't want to feel this way about seagl
- Andrew: volunteer challenges are puzzling, like the idea of more local promotion
- AJ: can directly partner with other orgs on social media? how can we get messages like, "hey we just did this work on patch, written in js, do you write js and want to help?"
- Bami: first time organizing global conference, can bring ideas from local events, let social media do the work for you, teasers for volunteers and attendees, partner with oss communities, give out "tickets" at local events, need to promote all organizers liking/retweeting anything posted from main account

#### Monday
- Monica: thanks for work on public health statement glad to be part of conference taking this seriously
	- [ ] reviewing chair recruitment post
	- [ ] publicizing the keynote proposal form
	- [ ] continue to publicize cfp
- AJ: today was longer but productive, happy to be here, happy to see progress
- Salt: loving seeing productive stuff, welcome Jeff, glad folks are here. really appreciating wilco too, it's really motivating
- wilco: happy I made it, glad I could onboard Jeff, nice to feel social
	- [ ] hold IDEA meetings, possibly weekly Sat @ 9am, learn how to be the chair
- Jeff M (new/awesome):  Well-organized notes and meeting let me get a quick picture, thanks for welcome + WSeaLUG pointer. Get active in Matrix! :D
- Norm: work has been intruding on life, will be more proactive working with hans to get finance meetings scheduled


### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


