# 2023-02-01

- 2023 kickoff is next week. Anything for Tech to prepare?
  - do we have room upgrades we want to do before the season starts?
  - not a huge deal to do this while only staff is using rooms
- More regular meetings now?
- How can we wrangle in a few more people to help with tech
	- If LFNW isnâ€™t happening, maybe they want to combine efforts with SeaGL?
	- organizers list is replaced by a Discourse forum topic which seems pretty dead. how did they organize last year??? https://discuss.lfnw.org/c/dot-org/13
- What does hybrid even look like
	- LFNW knows some AV stuff? from PyCon? they borrowed equipment in 2015
	- Can we tap into the world of YouTube/Twitch streamers? Partner?
	- Getting equipment likely to be a large problem
	- Can we pay the venue to handle this? A commercial provider?
		- Possibly a distinct sponsorship opportunity
- Google bill?
	- ~$80/month now, since Dec.
	- OSUOSL service details: https://osuosl.org/services/hosting/details/
	- see also: https://github.com/osuosl-cookbooks/proj-seagl/issues/4
- https://sfconservancy.org/fossy/ - we should email SFC. Maybe mention Patch and be like "here's what we have, we want to go hybrid this year, want to exchange ideas?"
- consensus is to ask Salt what he knows about acquiring A/V equipment when he's back/has bandwidth
