<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 All-Hands
- Friday, March 3, 2023. 11am Pacific Time (2023-03-03 19:00 UTC)
- Monday, March 6, 2023. 4pm Pacific Time (2023-03-07 00:00 UTC)
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/331)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2023)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [2022 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
#### Friday
- Attendees: Salt, Elior, Ruth, Bami, AJ, der.hans
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): 
- Note Taker(s) for next Friday meeting:

#### Monday
- Attendees: Salt, AJ, Andrew, Alfredo, Dawn, Sri
- Apologies: Norm, Aarti
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): 
- Note Taker(s) for next Monday meeting:

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `### New Items` below
-->

### Previous TODOs
#### 02/20-24
- [x] upload 2023 save the date handbill (Salt)
- [x] arrange getting volunteer/speaker gifts to SCaLE (Salt)
- [x] create content asks for Career Expo handbill (der.hans)
- [x] connect with OSI about 25th anniversary (Partnerships)
- [ ] get CfP ready for launch asap (Programming, Dawn)
- [x] get OSEM ready for CfP launch before SCaLE (Tech)
- [x] create content asks for CfP handbill (Programming)
  - Can this be as simple as the pre-existing handbill with a line going 'CFP is open, go to https://seagl.org/CfP to submit' in place of the volunteer data?
  - All work; use what you think is clearest in context: /cfp, /CfP, /CFP
  - consider adding categories list, especially to flyer, maybe to back of handbill
  - speakers new and old, even if you never have, please give it a shot
  - [ ] create CfP handbill and send with SCaLE care package (Salt)
- [ ] create list of places that need updates for new dates, graphics, etc. (der.hans)
- [ ] create 2023 prospectus, ASAP (Partnerships)
- [x] update calendar for bi-weekly meetings until a quarter out (Salt)
- [x] create overview of responsibilities for committee chairs (Salt)
- [x] open GH issue about venue selection, set deadline for end of April, include list of people willing to help out (Salt, AJ, Dawn)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/346
- [ ] open GH issue to decide whether we are signing on to https://publichealthpledge.com/ (Salt)
- [ ] recruit/voluntell a friend to join a committee! (Everyone)


### Committee Updates
<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide
-->

#### Attendee Experience
- no updates

#### CoC
- no updates

#### Finance
- reimbursements are going out

#### IDEA
- salt drafted an initial outreach email, could use reviewers
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA
- [ ] finalize and send out IDEA initial outreach message (Salt)
  - will wait at least one week for review/feedback

#### Partnerships
- osi has been contacted about 25th anniversary info
- [ ] LFNW 2023 hybrid event
  - https://2023.lfnw.org/
  - https://sessionize.com/lfnw2023/
  - Oct 20 - 22
  - “We're seeking both experienced technical presenters, as well as first-timers to present to a hybrid audience. Since we plan to be back in-person, we would prefer speakers be in-person, although we will make remote accommodations.”
  - is it a good or bad thing that they are close to us?
    - people don't want to do back to back travel
    - speakers don't want to do back to back talks
    - they generally have a bigger audience, we are easier to get to
  - we've had our date locked since last november, they just announced
  - should we say this caught us by surprise, it was with lfnw in mind that seagl chose november
  - [ ] send an open ended, "is there anything we can do together?" email to LFNW (Salt)
    - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_email-to-lfnw

#### Programming & Flow
- lots of messages during OSEM crash testing, more coming
- targeting wednesday (3/8) for cfp opening and blog post
- two threads in all-staff: one about config changes from last year, other about osem annoyances
- email coming to sre about spreadsheets and mail merges
  - https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/105
- matters that minimum available osem by thursday
- don't need sandboxed copy of osem anymore
- thread of changes from 2022 has list of year 10 tracks, do people like, dislike, what is missing?
  - https://matrix.to/#/!cTnkSFRMtOyrZzVTEJ:seattlematrix.org/$5dXi83x7PMs40sBBO3KEk5qFO5sbuZ6iCtwjzIYDdpg
- [ ] send feedback on talk "tracks" via Matrix, within 24 hours (Everyone)
  - Community and Culture, Education, Hardware, Languages and Tools, Machine Learning and Big Data, Open Source Careers, Performance Art, Security and Privacy, Systems and Platforms, and Everything Else

#### Promotion & Outreach
- Trying to get a meeting scheduled ASAP, within the next week
  - https://whenisgood.net/y4ezs9h

#### SRE & Technical
- unblocked on a bunch of stuff, particularly nothing from osuosl regarding moving email
  - currently have google org that all of our email etc goes through
  - would like to move off because not free software, and because they ended free plan
- continuing to do maintenance stuff

#### Volunteers
- no updates


### New Items
<!--
#### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

#### GitHub Issues (Salt)
- current thinking is that new TODOs are only added to pad, once they have aged a week, they become issues
- once something is an issue it is tracked there and not discussed in an all-hands unless some action is needed
- thoughts? suggestions? how can we make this more approachable?
- for tech, makes sense to use issues, but due to volume been considering options for all-staff
- gh projects make a lot of sense, trello is good with different boards, tasks moving between committees
- being able to assign todos on a proj management tool and have feedback on same tool makes sense
- [ ] explore GH projects use of kanban functionality (Salt, AJ)

#### Communication Channels (Salt)
- want to make sure everyone is on Matrix, Mailinglist, and GitHub
  - still have a fairly empty mailinglist, please take a moment to sign up now
  - https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023
- suggestions for making communication better this year?

#### Committee Chairs (Salt)
- we have a lot of blanks to fill, suggestions about doing this?
- where should the chair expectations list go? get_involved? github? elsewhere?
  - blog post, link to it on social media
  - good to have post that can be linked to so it isn't just a social snippet
  - maybe create an application page
- [ ] create chairs recruitment blog post, maybe with application and social graphic (Salt, Ruth, Aarti)

##### current list of chairs
- Attendee Experience: ??
- CoC (Code of Conduct): ??
- Finance: Norm and Hans
- IDEA (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access): Aarti Ramkrishna (sri: nominating his wife)
  - recruiting here is important to do earlier than later
- Partnerships: ??
- Programming & Flow: Dawn and Ruth (pending acceptance)
- Promotion & Outreach: ??
- SRE & Technical: Don/sntxrr and AJ
- Volunteers: ??
- Impresario: Salt (but is actively seeking a junior to train up/replace)


### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
#### Timeline?
- rough all-hands timeline below in pad
- tech is developing timeline but nice to have in central location
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech#L5
- would be good for all committees to be tracking their timelines
- maybe spreadsheet with each month and what is happening that month
- maybe linked at top of this pad
- will be able to have shared calendars in next cloud
- important to have committees updating agenda
- maybe using gh milestones for every two week sprint
- [ ] explore options for better timeline tracking (Salt)


## Wrap-up
### 03/03-06 - New TODOs
- [ ] create CfP handbill and send with SCaLE care package (Salt)
- [ ] finalize and send out IDEA initial outreach message (Salt)
  - will wait at least one week for review/feedback
- [ ] reach out to LFNW about their hybrid event (Salt)
- [ ] send an open ended, "is there anything we can do together?" email to LFNW (Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_email-to-lfnw
- [ ] send feedback on talk "tracks" via Matrix, within 24 hours (Everyone)
  - Community and Culture, Education, Hardware, Languages and Tools, Machine Learning and Big Data, Open Source Careers, Performance Art, Security and Privacy, Systems and Platforms, and Everything Else
- [ ] explore GH projects use of kanban functionality (Salt, AJ)
- [ ] create chairs recruitment blog post, maybe with application and social graphic (Salt, Ruth, Aarti)
- [ ] explore options for better timeline tracking (Salt)
- [ ] ping in matrix and on mailinglist about facilitator for 3/17 (Salt)


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] draft ready for review by 3/7: CFP launched (Dawn)
- [ ] draft ready for review by 3/13: Chairs recruitment (Salt, Ruth, Aarti)

### Timeline
- ~~Tentatively ??: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: ~~
- Second week of March: CFP opens
- First week of April: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- ??: Sponsorship prospectus opens
- First week of May: Reach out to Keynote speakers
- Start of May: UW organised, or look at other venues
- End of May: CFP closes
- Beginning of June: CFP Review 1
- End of June: Select Speakers
- End of June: Notify Speakers
- First week of August: move to weekly all hands
- First week of August: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- End of August: Finalize Program
- ??: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Tech training for volunteers
- First week of October: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 3-4 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2023

#### Tech timeline:
- https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech#L5


### All-Hands Meetings
- Friday, March 17 @ 11am Pacific Time (2023-03-17 19:00 UTC)
  - needs facilitator
  - [ ] ping in matrix and on mailinglist about facilitator for 3/17 (Salt)
- Monday, March 20 @ 4pm Pacific Time (2023-03-21 00:00 UTC)
- (Dawn won't be at either, Programming updates will be async)

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- CoC: 
- Finance: Every Thursday, 2:30-3pm Pacific Time (22:30 UTC)
- IDEA: 
- Partnerships: 
- Programming & Flow: will decide on a meeting cadence once Ruth responds
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE & Technical: Next is March 15th, 6-7pm Pacific Time (02:00 UTC) (every 2 weeks.)
  - currently looking to reschedule based on best availability
  - next meeting datetime TBD
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
#### Friday
- Ruth: working on blog post about chairs, meeting was pretty chill
- Salt: great to see new folks
- Bami: Nice to meet everyone here. First time helping with a conference like this. Looking forward to working with everyone.
- AJ: excited for the season, excited for stuff we are doing with tech, excited to end early
- der.hans: appologies for running late, excited to see people here and new people, glad seagl gets to work on things ahead of time
- Elior: still figuring out what is going on, listening and figuring out where I can be useful how/where

#### Monday
- Salt: things moving at a good clip this year, great to see faces
- AJ: notice having more momentum behind us this year, nice to see everyone
- Andrew: not much to add, good to see people, smaller meetings fun get to dive deeper
- Alfredo: want to engage more, will be chatting more on matrix this week
- Dawn: upsidedown, cfp will be out before scale, then see you all in a month
  - enjoy your wedding!!!!
- Sri: looking forward to being around this time, hope this year is better than last, excited to have wife joining, bit busy from now until next month because on org committee for LAS

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->

