Attendees: Romeo, Andrew, Salt, AJ

# Agenda

- Remote streaming setup
- Program email to speakers
- \[x\] Virtual event status
- Headphones
- Printed programs (even though this isn't us)
  - Items we want to be purchased/printed

# Virtual event status

- Patch
  - Q&A stuff is done (if Andrew did it right lol, pending everyone else looking at it)
  - \[ \] Review of the Q&A functionality
    - \[ \] AJ will take a look
    - AX has also been pinged
- Ephemeral server
  - Blocked on prasket being down with covid
- Attend portal
  - Thorny rebase on the latest Element is done, but haven't poked around to see if it's broken
  - Not done: changing the year to this year
  - Blocked by ephemeral server being set up
  - Andrew is still logged in LMAO
    - Is this going to be a problem??? We need to check that old sessions aren't sticking around associated with the 2022 server
      - <https://github.com/SeaGL/attend.seagl.org/issues/26>
    - Andrew is going to double check that he has a backup of his browser data so we can reproduce.
      - Done
    - Let's also set the session time to a week this year so we don't have this problem next year.
      - <https://github.com/SeaGL/attend.seagl.org/issues/27>
- Matrix space setup
  - Haven't run this yet
  - FYI: there are small scheduling changes happening in case the room generation script is something we want to do only once
- Overall probably a couple weeks behind where Andrew expected to be
  - Andrew needs some decision about what Matrix rooms we actually want for hybrid
  - Last year: <https://github.com/SeaGL/patch/blob/315568d54645c585967939d8ef4a293e409194e0/data/plan.yml>
  - Salt is taking a look at this. Probably mostly the same except that sponsors will get rooms by request.
  - Looks all the same yeah.
  - Also not the career expo stuff to worry about.
- Fix up /attend on the website
  - Side note: Salt did a very minimal "IRC is deprecated" strikethrough pass
  - No one has volunteered for this yet
  - AJ pinged Cameron about this to see if he wants to help

# Program email

## Email body

> SeaGL prefers that speakers bring their own laptop computers with working display output. We use HDMI, but have adapters for these ports:
>
> - VGA
> - DVI
> - Mini DisplayPort
> - Micro HDMI
> - Mini HDMI
> - Thunderbolt USB-C to HDMI
>
> If speakers cannot bring their own laptops, you can send us your slides before 7 PM Pacific Time on Thursday, November 2nd the same way that pre-recorded speakers submit their talks. We can't guarantee that your slides will be uploaded if received after this time.
>
> Remote live speakers: You will need an Internet connection fast enough to broadcast your presentation and a computer that can share screen. Specific streaming instructions and credentials will be provided closer to the conference date.
>
> Remote pre-recorded speakers: Please have your talk recorded and sent to us by October 27th by:
>
> - Emailing presentation-uploads@seagl.org (we cannot accept attachments larger than 25 MB)
> - Emailing a link to presentation-uploads@seagl.org
> - Uploading to <https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/s/37eQEc8ifBkZMS3> and emailing presentation-uploads@seagl.org to let us know
>
> If you have any questions or need help, email tech@seagl.org.

## Random related stuff

Upload only test link: <https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/s/j9jkCA4FcKT5J6d>

# Headphones

- Backup plan is to just buy cheapo earbuds from CVS or whatever
- But ideally we would get some nicer ones rented

# Talk streaming

<https://punkto.org/blog/how_to_have_seagl>

AJ and Romeo will pair on creating the YouTube streams, etc. because AJ did it last year.

Runbook from last year: <https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_streaming_runbook#L20>

Q: are we only streaming to YouTube?

A: for now yes. conf.tube maybe? But this is NOT a priority.

# How to do streaming lol

<https://matrix.to/#/!GkthNMOKdgiNHAErwB:seattlematrix.org/$1u_sXjzb-7M8zdpmMNxkFFfZZbqGA7zYnMXuBykeJyc?via=seattlematrix.org&via=matrix.org&via=beeper.com>

option 1: we could use StreamYard again and stream to a private YouTube stream that we throw up on the projector in a browser window. pros: not *that* expensive (though *possibly* more expensive than in previous years since there's double the tracks... depends on the schedule), and StreamYard comes with a really nice UI - you can easily hide/move the speaker webcam, do side-by-side, etc. and it all has nice animations. cons: *does* cost money, and it isn't libre. the private YouTube stream would introduce lag.

~~option 2: use StreamYard and pay for their Pro option. this would get us HD video, but the actual reason to do this is that it would let us eliminate the YouTube intermediary by using StreamYard's webinar functionality. so we could throw StreamYard's public webinar page up on the projector directly. cons: it costs twice what the StreamYard plans we were using last year cost, and that's *before* cost from additional tracks (if any).~~ option 5 is strictly better

option 3: use Jitsi. pros: free in every sense of the word (since running an OP Jitsi is a cost we're paying already for social hour). also does not have the double-stream problem that option 1 would have. cons: very limited options (you basically can only toggle the sidebar with the volunteer's self view, toggle between tiled/presenter view, and toggle between presenter and screen share), the volunteer would need to constantly be consulting a keyboard shortcut reference sheet to change things, and generally it just is not designed for this purpose

option 4: we try and find some other option. probably another webinar vendor. I couldn't figure out BBB.

option 5: we go all-in on StreamYard. run adroll through that. apparently we can upload a >200MB, >10min video and just play that on a loop whenever we want in the interface. so we could use that for adroll. we *may* have to pay for the Pro plan though because that allows you to have two webcams (one for the volunteer to address the stream, and one for the UW camera). unless we want to just futz around with switching the active webcam during adroll. I can look into that if we decide we want to go this direction.

<https://obsproject.com/kb/power-of-projectors>

<https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/7444635?hl=en#zippy=%2Cwhy-is-there-a-trade-off-between-latency-and-quality%2Cnormal-latency%2Clow-latency%2Cultra-low-latency>

## Final plan

See <https://punkto.org/blog/how_to_have_seagl> for more

- Adroll running on a loop in streamyard
- Remote live speakers on StreamYard
- Prerecorded speakers " "
  - Going to a private YouTube stream
  - Open in a web browser on the OBS laptop
  - OBS picks up that window (fullscreen) and streams it out to YouTube public stream
- To switch to an onsite speaker, switch the OBS scene.
  - You need to reroute the cables - switch between the laptop HDMI and the capture card.

# Meta: Nextcloud Text

- It would be nice if we could do attendees
- Also it seems to not save automatically???
- Bullet points are weird in edge cases