<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2023 All-Staff
- Monday, October 9, 2023. 5pm Pacific Time (2023-10-10 01:00 UTC)
- Week -3
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2023_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2023)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2023)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [Nextcloud access request form](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/s/NysGPmNgbqwNXq7yNJAJakL2)
- [2023 Shared Calendar](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/calendar/p/MjxzSj8TYdnGAGT9)
- [2023 Calendar iCal](https://cloud.seagl.org/remote.php/dav/public-calendars/MjxzSj8TYdnGAGT9?export)
- [2022 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Romeo, salt, Hansem, AJ, Cameron K, alfredo, Robin
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): 


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `### New Items` below
-->

### Previous TODOs
#### 06/23-26
- [<] decide what to do with the IRC bridge (Tech, AX)
  - will work on coming to a decision after the conference

#### 07/21-24
- [ ] update and codify coc response for hybrid experience (AX)
  - prior issue here: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/167

#### 09/08
- [ ] send IDEA outreach message (Salt, wilco)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA
- [ ] recruit someone working on in-person volunteers ASAP (Salt)
  - https://seagl.org/news/2023/09/26/Seeking-Volunteers.html
- [ ] post flyers around town and in your office (everyone)
  - flyer: https://seagl.org/fliers/2023/SeaGL_2023_Keynotes_single_page_poster.pdf
  - list to avoid duplicating effort: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1j9GtqLxhm4v2l6XcKAjB_Lvu5z_d4L_YfAZUiUdSmTc/

#### 09/18
- [ ] setup partnerships meeting with sri, robin, and hans (der.hans)
- [x] update flyers with keynote names (Outreach)
- [ ] put together explicit call for health/wellness sponsor if we want to have tests (Partnerships)

#### 09/25
- [ ] social-media-ify IDEA message (der.hans)
- [ ] transfer storage payment to seagl cc (Salt)
- [ ] create list of any monthly expenses that can be transfered to seagl cc (Finance)
  - [ ] create GH issue for monthly expenses that need to be transfered to seagl cc (Salt)
- [ ] follow up with Romeo about talking to LPI (Salt)
- [x] reach out to any personal connections for speaker confirmations (everyone)
- [ ] email Dawn/programming about when career expo fits (der.hans)
  - waiting for speaker response

### 10/02
- [ ] compile list of things to print
  - signage for directions
  - program/badge
  - volunteer packet
  - speaker packet
- [ ] add to tech budget to finance agenda (der.hans)
- [ ] add venue directions to website (??)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/404
  - currently links to a uw page, but importing some of the text for central ingesting would be good
- [ ] add venue details to website (??)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/405
  - indoor maps already done but need to add one room
- [x] update indoor map to include room 307 (Andrew)
  - probably good to add a link to the IDEA form here too
- [ ] change cfp header link to program


### Committee Updates
<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide
-->

#### [Attendee Experience](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_experience)
- [ ] compiling list of things to print by conference (everyone)
  - signage for directions
  - program/badge
  - volunteer packet
  - speaker packet
- salt needs to contact the hub about tech we are bringing and food contracts
- [ ]  buy variable temp glass water kettle and disposable cups at costco (salt)
- teagl will be held in main expo area

#### CoC

#### [IDEA](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_IDEA)
- published draft of blog post, unsure on publication date, but asking for review
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/409
- going to start sending emails once redirect fixed

#### [Finance](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_finance)
- ordered speaker gifts

#### [Partnerships](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_partnerships)
- we may have another couple of sponsors coming in
- reaching out to morethan7 for getting onto event section of weekly email

#### [Programming & Flow](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Program_2023)
- schedule up!
  - https://osem.seagl.org/conferences/seagl2023/schedule
- have draft of blog post at top of program pad
- 1 speaker that's not confirmed but we have some gaps in the schedule so we're flexible
- Salt not sure if there's other big items

#### [Promotion & Outreach](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_outreach)
- got poster with keynote names out
- got list of confirmed talks and generated posts for social media
- mateus generating images to accompany posts
- will start posting this week, beginning with schedule blog post
- still working on telegram/signal/matrix sticker packs
- matues working missing graphics such as icons for matrix rooms

#### [SRE & Technical](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech)
- not many updates, working on streaming logistics
- having trouble getting pre-existing capture card working
- may need to borrow/buy different cards
  - romeo bringing backups
  - [ ] send salt list of equiptment being used to forward on to hub (AJ, Romeo)
- romeo generated first version of adroll, future versions should be straightforward
  - has kevin mcleod music as usual
  - talked with jordan to get better ada's graphic
  - previous years every logo had subtitle, dropped this year
  - [ ] add schedule to adroll (Romeo)
- romeo writing draft version of document about switching stream sources

#### [Volunteers](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_volunteers)
- direct people to seagl.org/volunteer
- [ ] update get_involved page to include link to volunteer form (Salt)

### New Items
<!--
#### Item Subject (item facilitator)
-->

#### In-person co-working
- pushing to following week in hopes of more attendance
- please fill out availability again: https://whenisgood.net/kwj385z
- probably in u-district for ease of salt attending

### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up

### 10/09 - New TODOs
- [ ] create GH issue for monthly expenses that need to be transfered to seagl cc (Salt)
- [ ] compiling list of things to print by conference (everyone)
  - signage for directions
  - program/badge
  - volunteer packet
  - speaker packet
- [ ] buy variable temp glass water kettle and disposable cups at costco (salt)
- [ ] send salt list of equiptment being used to forward on to hub (AJ, Romeo)
- [ ] add schedule to adroll (Romeo)
- [ ] update get_involved page to include link to volunteer form (Salt)

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] draft by ~~4/7~~ ??: sponsor prospectus up (der.hans)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2023_prospectus_blog_draft
  - compilation of past posts
  - mention public health policy
  - prospectus
- [ ] application to public health pledge

### Timeline (obsolete!)
- ~~Tentatively ??: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: ~~
- Second week of March: CFP opens
- First week of April: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- ??: Sponsorship prospectus opens
- First week of May: Reach out to Keynote speakers
- Start of May: UW organised, or look at other venues
- End of May: CFP closes
- Beginning of June: CFP Review 1
- End of June: Select Speakers
- End of June: Notify Speakers
- First week of August: move to weekly all hands
- First week of August: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- End of August: Finalize Program
- ??: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ??: Tech training for volunteers
- First week of October: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 3-4 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2023

#### Tech timeline:
- https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_Tech#L5


### Next All-Hands Meeting
Monday, October 16th @ 5pm Pacific Time (2023-10-17 01:00 UTC)

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: ??
- CoC: 
- IDEA: 
- Finance: Every Monday, 2pm Pacific Time (22:00 UTC)
- Partnerships: ??
- Programming & Flow: Every second Thursday, 12pm Pacific Time (20:00 UTC) alternate week from the all-hands
- Promotion & Outreach: Every Thursday, 6pm Pacific Time (02:00 UTC)
- SRE & Technical: Every Thursday, 5pm Pacific Time (01:00 UTC)
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
- Romeo: (had to leave early)
- Salt: thanks all <3
- Hansem: not much to say
- AJ: good to see y'all, too much to do but what's new
- Cameron K: not much to say
- Alfredo: can't believe we are shorter than 4 weeks, happy to see more people joining these meetings and volunteers turning up
- Robin: excited, starting to figure out how to pack, less excited for how to get it home

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting

## Meeting adjourned!


<!-- Post meeting process:
1. editing pass for language and formatting
2. collect and dedupe New TODOs
3. upload notes to GitHub
4. make copy of file, rename with next meeting dates
5. update dates at beginning and near end of pad
6. clear attendees and wrap-up
7. remove TODOs that have been completed
8. clear irrelvant notes from past TODOs
9. move up New TODOs, add heading level and remove text
10. clear New TODOs
11. clear committee updates
12. clear new items
13. upload agenda to GitHub
14. update etherpad
15. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Task States
- [/] started
- [x] completed
- [#] cancelled
- [-] irrelevant
- [<] backlogged
- [>] refocused

-->


