## 2023-03-01

### scheduling?

- AJ to send out a scheduling poll
- every 2 weeks cadence.

### OSEM ready for an early CFP

https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/339 - sandbox OSEM

Andrew was going through outstanding differences from upstream and trying to move PRs along. nothing really blocking here. don't expect any disruptive maintenance.

### getting off of Google

we're not blocked on setting up Mailu anymore. we can just do it.

### password management

REALLY nice to have but this is a low priority. don't spend lots of time on this.

### head start on A/V stuff

at this point not going to be technical in nature. just need to reach out to people

someone could do some background reading. also, what do other conferences do.

priority right now is knowing what questions to ask when we know the venue.

### getting off YouTube

we should reach out EARLY to someone with a PeerTube server.

### retrospective review
https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2022/20221201-retrospective.md#sretechnical-sntxrr-and-aj

GitHub issues filed for these!

### Patch

want to make this approachable for more casual contributors.

Andrew: no real blocking structural issues, just building out features

