# 2023-07-23

Attendees: Andrew, AJ, wilco

## Things we need for a hybrid conference

* (blocked by UW) streaming on-site presentations to the internet
* (blocked by UW) mics for the above
* volunteers to relay remote Q&A
* decide how exactly to split remote/in-person Q&A
* DECISION on what experience we want the attend portal to have
    * replace attend portal login screen picture
* DECISION (related) what general experience do we want Matrix folks to have
* adjust our Matrix onboarding language/pages

Will have network , some rooms are hooked up for auto to zoom, projectors ceiling mounted in every room. We already have adapter bags for five rooms


## Things we need for an in-person conference

* (blocked by UW) make sure speakers are provided with information about projectors
* (blocked by UW) WiFi information
* streaming remote speakers to onsite
* (blocked by UW) microphones for speakers??

also onsite/usual conference stuff

## Things we WANT

* PeerTube
* talk recordings (do we get this for free?)
* (blocked on sponsor) live captioning
* something to connect remote attendees to in-person attendees (maybe some sort of volunteer to relay)?
* less janky streaming setup (particularly around interstertials)
* maps and stuff on the website
* integration with FOSS conference schedule apps
* would be great if we could accept payment on the website.

What needs to be done with matrix portal?

- On-site presenter to on-site audience: Projector, mic+speakers if necessary
- On-site presenter to remote audience: AV capture to video stream
- Remote audience to on-site presenter: ?
- Pre-recording to on-site audience: Video playback via video stream to projector+speakers
- Pre-recording to remote audience: Video playback to video stream
- Remote presenter to on-site audience: Video stream to projector+speakers
- On-site audience to remote presenter: ?
- On-site audience to pre-recorded presenter
- Remote presenter to remote audience: Video stream
- Remote audience to remote presenter: Matrix room
- On-site audience to remote audience: ?
- Remote audience to on-site audience: ?
- Remote social to on-site social: ?
- On-site social to remote social: ?

## Discussion

* do we want one room per talk or one room per in-person room?
* do we have some vision for Patch-facilitated Q&A?
* we need to figure out badging
* we need to promote OSEm registration for a rough headcount
* ask program if they want to send emails at the end of the day. really just how do announcements work
  * can we just do Matrix room and in-person announcements? telling people to get on a mailing list feels a bit like registration lol
* be prepared to support tech needs of the social event
* also do we need to support remote TeaGL if we're doing that?
* to what extent does Tech need to specify what volunteers we need?

## Things to discuss with Attendee Experience

* how does Q&A work/interact with remote people etc.
* Matrix room per talk or per UW room
* TeaGL support?
* how do we want to bridge or not bridge in-person social with virtual social
* do we want to extend this to during the day hallway track if it's not too much work
