# 2023-09-28

Attendees: AJ, Andrew

Things we need to consider

- A/V
- Q&A
- Virtual experience
- Website adjustments
- Source equipment
- Volunteer recruitment(??)
- Documentation for speakers/program/etc.

AJ will spec out the A/V stuff once getting the tech bag.

Do we want the attend portal and the ephemeral homeserver?

## Matrix moderation

Who will do this??

We should hand out banhammer privileges more broadly this year to increase the amount of people who might see stuff and be able to action it.

Also Jitsi room spamming. Who will be the moderator for the Jitsi room? One of the in person laptops probably.
