<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-06-28 SeaGL 2021 bi-weekly all-hands
- June 28th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/133)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan, Ben, Rachel, Salt, Keith, Michel, Don/sntxrr, Andrew, Deb, Mateus, Rhiannon, Norm
- Apologies: der.hans
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Ben
- Note Taker next meeting: (not next meeting but the one after: July 26, Rachel)

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Keynote nominations: 38
- Talk Proposals: 1

### Previous meeting feedback
- ??
- The pad from last time was lost. Salt will turn his computer on to see if he still has a cache once it is not boiling lava hot outside.

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #75 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF (Salt and Deb)
    - In progress. Nothing new to report
- [ ] #78 Document the new project management system (Salt)
- [ ] #79 Finalize committee descriptions (Salt)
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 1x Partnerships, 2x Volunteers, 1x IDEA, 2x CoC
  - norm has accepted a seat on Finance
- [ ] #82 Publish 2020 videos (Tech)
  - Don now has permission to give permissions on YouTube.
  - Did transcriptions for the "10 vim tricks" talk.
  - Has not yet documented the steps, but ready to take on volunteers to help with that.
  - Email Keith (keith@seagl.org) if you aren't a part of staff@ and want to be added to the project.
  - [ ] write up instructions and send out sign-up spreadsheet to staff@ (Keith)
  - once done with youtube stuff, want to upload does archive.org
    - will subtitles be tied directly to the video?
    - no, and we can swap them out after
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)

### 5/3
- [ ] #106 Talk to programming and partnerships about what to include in 2020 gift shipments (Salt)
- [ ] #110 Prepare 2021 Sponsor Prospectus (Finance and Partnerships)
  - Salt: It's being worked on. We want to make sure the OSI transition happened before we receive money
  - Deb: It's okay to have money go to OSI before we fully transition
  - Salt: What contract will we use when we go to OSI? Is there a stock contract?
  - Deb: There's a 10% admin fee. Will have to check on the actual contract.
  - [ ] Follow up with Phyllis about the actual contract OSI needs to accept sponsors (Salt & Deb)

### 5/17
- [ ] #122 Send instructions for everyone to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
  - this is blocker for #82 and Keith re-affirmed taking care of it, as well as sending out sign-up spreadsheet to staff@
- [x] #59 Finalize and send 2021 ads to Linux Magazine (Ben)
  - Web ads live
  - print ones being worked on now
- [ ] #112 All committees have had their first meeting, and figured out whether a regularly scheduled one makes sense (Chairs)
  - Programming, Finance, Outreach have all had meetings
  - Tech has started a poll. Will center around PST time and get people to async join IRC channels
  - Volunteer, Code of Conduct needs chairs
- [ ] #68 Reach out to James Mason, lead of LFNW and OSEM maintainer (Andrew)
  - Code wasn't in a state to ask others to look at it.
  - Andrew now has it in a state where people can look at it now.
  - Will figure out what we can ask of someone else.
- [ ] #69 Put out a call for more tech volunteers, especially for OSEM/Rails on social media (Outreach)
  - Volunteers, Code of Conduct chairs
  - Outreach, Partnerships co-chairs
  - Another tech person (we'll have a better idea of what skill sets once they've met)
- [ ] #71 Write email to SeaGL announce list (Outreach)
  - First draft drafted
  - No special "from:" address to use for this

### 5/31
- [ ] #123 Clean-up email ratsnest
  - [ ] Gather list of various email lists and aliases
  - [ ] Send emails to chairs of any committees and ask for confirmation about list names and participants
  - [ ] Follow up with non-responders at next meeting
- [ ] #124 Close out 2020, that list in the corner we never look at...
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/projects/1
- [ ] #125 Transition from Freenode to Libera.Chat
  - [x] #128 queue up social media posts about Freenode → Libera.Chat transition
    - Salt: how much do we want to social about it?
    - Nathan: we've missed the big rush. I don't think we need to say a lot
    - Ben: no need to be vocal about it from a reputational aspect, as opposed to FSF issue
  - [/] migrate (tombstone) Matrix channel to Seattle Matrix channel (Salt)
  - [ ] bridge Seattle Matrix channel to Libera.Chat
  - [ ] remind everyone to move and use Matrix on #SeaGL:seattlematrix.org / #SeaGL:matrix.org or IRC on Libera.Chat #SeaGL
- [ ] #130 select 2021 theme (Everyone)

### 6/14
- ???
- [ ] #131 Engage with Linux Foundation events running in Seattle, September 27-October 1 (Sri)
  - We want to have a presence there. If you know someone at LF, lean on them.
  - Sri will take this on


## New Items

### https://twitter.com/mindseyeccf (Nathan)
- speaking as individual, thoughts of live drawing of talks, as demonstrated on twitter
- would we be interested in paying someone to make these for a handful of talks?
  - Depends on the cost.
- are we interested in pursuing this? YES!?
- as speaker gift?
- [ ] Follow up with this person to investigate (Nathan)
- [ ] send any similar suggestions of artists who do this to Nathan (everyone)

## Sharing 2020 videos as part of the CfP reminders (Ben)
- Rachel suggested we include links to 2020 videos with like "hey, be cool like $speaker" as we repeat the CfP on social. Objections/concerns?
- Nathan: do we link to archive.org as in the past or YouTube so it has captions
- Keith: once we're done with captions, we should post them to archive. The question is do they have a player?
- Nathan: we could add the subtitles as we go
- Keith: we can rip them all and post them to archive.org and add the captions later
- [ ] rip the 2020 videos and post them to archive.org and let Ben know the links when they're available for social-ing (Don)

## make sure everyone is on matrix/irc (Salt)
- Salt can create a SeaGL cloak or add you to invite list to allow you to join the #seagl-staff channel
- Ping Salt when you're in the main channel to be added
- Keith: we should promote Matrix and say "you can also join via Libera if you want"

### 6/28 - New TODOs
- [ ] Follow up with Phyllis about the actual contract OSI needs to accept sponsors (Salt & Deb)
- [ ] Follow up with person who illustrates conference talks to gather information (Nathan)
- [ ] Send any similar suggestions of artists who illustrate conference talks to Nathan (everyone)
- [ ] Rip the 2020 videos and post them to archive.org and let Ben know the links when they're available for social-ing (Don)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up
- 


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24~~ (Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities
- August 5 (Thursday)*: CFP closes
- Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1
- Week Of Aug 30 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers
- September 6 (Monday)*: Notify Speakers
- September 19 (Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- September 26 (Monday)*: Finalize Program
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular bi-weekly all-hands Monday, July 12 @ 5pm PT
- (add committee meetings here?)

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Don: Thank you for cloaks and answering tech questions. Keep on being awesome. Excited to see faces new & old
- Sri: Great to see all the progress so far.
- Deb: Love the new CfP blog post. Like the enthusiasm and it reflects the way we do the conference.
- Michel: First time attending.
- Andrew: Mostly still cooking. Standing in a bucket of water that was ice at the beginning of the meeting.
- Rhiannon: Same.
- Norm: Need to get ahold of Hans now that he's the surprise finance co-chair. interested to see how the subtitles go.
- Mateus: Good meeting to get an overview of what's going on.
- Ben: Good meeting, largest we've had in a while. Hope the PNW friends get comfortable again soon.
- Rachel: Will be gone next meeting. Will take notes the time after that. Have some keynote work to do, but taking a big breath now that the CfP is out.
- Nathan: Feeling good. Glad we have the CfP out. Excited about the possibility of the live drawings.
- Keith: Just found a script to download YouTube video and auto uploads to Internet Archive with full metadata. Excited to be back in SF where it's 60 degrees.
- Salt: Exciting to see everyone here. Really appreciate everyone who is dealing with the heat. 


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):
    #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
    javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->




