<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-08-23 SeaGL 2021 bi-weekly all-hands
- August 23rd, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/152)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan Handler, Rachel Kelly, Salt, Keith, Lacey, Andrew, Deb, der.hans, sri
- Apologies: Ben (most likely), sntxrr
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Rachel
- Note Taker next meeting: Nathan

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Talk Proposals: 26 --> 44
- Confirmed Keynotes: 3 --> 4
- Keynote nominations: 38
- Committee budgets: 0 --> ??
- Sponsors: 3 --> ??

### Previous meeting feedback
- Everyone was very excited about keynoters!
- Everyone was very excited about having 2020 videos up!
- Everyone needs to forward the CFP!


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #75 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF (Salt and Deb)
  - Ongoing conversations
  - PublicStorage is being a pain
  - OSI sent paperwork they would require, asked FSF for theirs and it was shared
  - Waiting for signatures before making an announcement/website changes
  - Salt and Deb worked on new payment portal etc.
- [ ] #78 Document the new project management system (Salt)
- [ ] #79 Finalize committee descriptions (Salt)
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 1x Volunteers, 1x IDEA, 2x CoC
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - all speakers have been emailed for address confirmation


### 5/17
- [ ] #122 Send instructions for staff@ to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
  - there was an access problem that was resolved
  - should be coming up this week
- [ ] #112 All committees have had their first meeting, and figured out whether a regularly scheduled one makes sense (Chairs)
  - New schedule request has gone out for Attendee experience, hope to meet in the next ~10 days
- [ ] #69 Put out a call for more volunteers, especially for Volunteer Lead and OSEM/Rails developer (Outreach)
  - One volunteer lead established, Lacey (lacey@seagl.org)


### 5/31
- [ ] #123 Clean-up email ratsnest (Salt, Tech)
- [ ] #124 Close out 2020, that list in the corner we never look at...
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/projects/1
  - waiting for speaker gifts before re-addressing
- [ ] #130 select 2021 theme (Everyone)
  - Poll going out to us vs. public about theme?
    - Salt: Staff only seems to be the option we've selected
  - If you have opinions, reply to the GitHub issue thread

### 7/12
- [ ] #138 talk to Monica about ubuntu community fund sponsorship for live graphical notes (der.hans)
  - would be best coming from ubuntu memeber
  - nathan will submit
- [ ] #139 all committees submit budget requests for 2021 (committee chairs)
  - sre/tech: $33.39 per month for AWS bills
  - program: $750 (4 keynotes) / $5,600 (36 talks) for graphical recordings
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)
- [ ] #140 review site and public documentation for fiscal sponsor updates (der.hans)

### 7/26
- [ ] #143 reach out to friend who worked on OSEM (Sri)
- [ ] #148 start brainstorming how and when a geeky fashion show would take place (Everyone)
- [x] #150 reach out to Jupiter Broadcasting about CFP, SeaGL in general, and giving a talk (Salt, Partnerships)

### 8/09
- [ ] announcement about 2020 videos (Outreach)
  - blog post with links
    - Too late to be necessary, still optional, better paired with archive info.
  - social media faucet needs to be turned on
  - combine with announcements that lightning talk CFP is open
    - Ben 8/23: Will work on that this week
- [x] ask personal connections to submit to CFP (Everyone)
- [ ] add language about release license to talk acceptance (Programming)
  - Ask presenters to choose between CC BY, CC BY-SA, both
- [ ] announcement about 2021 keynotes (Outreach)
  - Marie Nordin, Christine & Morgan Lemmer-Webber, Elana Hashman, and Cory Doctorow


## New Items

### Welcome our new Volunteer Lead, Lacey (Salt)
- could someone collect and forward all of the emails Lucy sent last year?
  - General Note: This is an area where CC'ing a Google Group is useful, as we get an archive that people can refer to/search in future years
  - hans will take this on
- where can I help with sponsor outreach?
  - spreadsheet in GDocs, https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AZx2F2zmOQD-lfBdHj9YWNqvndj8lShrXjrbS43-8Es/edit
  - Sri welcomes help from everyone!
  - cc sponsors@seagl.org for extra coverage

### Press kit (Ben)
- https://seagl.org/press (Live draft; not linked to yet)
- Please review and provide feedback at https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/27

#### Color Palette Naming (Salt)
- gather suggestions from social media, staff, etc.
  - needs some Outreach focus
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/154
- https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdIIXHJPVRy_r3O9R5aXHUJKwvVl7nmmQ_ZYzyaJ5ER4UcNng/viewform?usp=sf_link
  - Short URL: https://forms.gle/6qSQHC2HodwhDbTQ7

### Meet landing page (Andrew)
- https://seagl.org/meet
- Opinionated about Matrix and IRC; bikeshedding welcome
- Will be updated with instructions specific to the virtual conference as theyâ€™re ready

### Previous year archives (Andrew)
- https://seagl.org/archive <3 <3 <3
- Live draft of 2020, looking for feedback before I import earlier years
- https://seagl.org/news/2021/08/23/unintended-emails-being-sent ðŸ˜¬ Sorry! Thanks Salt & Sri.

### Transition to weekly meetings (Salt)
- next meeting is supposed to be on labor day
- one proposal is to goto weekly after labor day
  - don't meet till 13th, then weekly
- other is to keep bi-weekly and meet on labor day
- committee meetings self-schedule
- since we won't be meeting for 3 weeks, please be very clear if you have a BLOCKER

### CFP Close
- email going out for reviewing talk submissions ASAP

### Brief Tech Team Update
- Get Lacey added into things for volunteer liaisoning
  - (added to channel, invite to committee meeting)
- Decision between repeat of Kiwi IRC or an analagous setup based on Matrix
  - pursuing the latter with former as a plan b
- still haven't figured out live transcription, but can send through multiple rtmp endpoints

### 8/23 - New TODOs
- [ ] send out poll to staff@ voting on 2021 theme (Salt)
- [ ] reassign #138 to nathan (Salt)
- [ ] add "and archive page" to 2020 videos announcement issue (Salt)
- [ ] collect and forward all of the emails Lucy sent last year (hans)
- [ ] help contact sponsors for 2021, add to lead sheet, cc sponsors@seagl.org (Everyone)
- [ ] provide feedback on press page at #27 (Everyone)
- [ ] do social media push about color pallette naming (Outreach)
- [ ] provide feedback on meet landing page (Everyone)
- [ ] provide feedback on archive page (Everyone)
- [ ] update calendar event and email text to reflect weekly meeting schedule (Salt)
- [ ] update outside of meeting committee meetings to reflect weekly all-hands schedule (Chairs)
- [ ] clearly indicate any BLOCKERS since there won't be an all-hands for 3 weeks (Everyone)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] CFP Notifications
  - Nathan: Did we actually blog about this in the past?
- [ ] Final Program
- [ ] Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1
- Week Of Aug 30 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers
- September 6 (Monday)*: Notify Speakers
- September 19 (Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- September 26 (Monday)*: Finalize Program
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular weekly all-hands: Monday, September 13 @ 5pm PT

#### Off week committee meetings
- Programming and Flow: Tuesday, September 14 @ 17:00 PT
- Outreach: Tuesday, September 14 @ 12:00 PT
- Tech: Wednesday, September 15 @ 17:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Thursday, September 16 @ 16:00 PT

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan Handler: yay new historical archive and committee chair
- Rachel Kelly: archive site awesome, excited about tech, especially parts that make it easier, welcome lacey, keep an eye out for sri and alison's lightning talk cfp
- Salt: things are moving, it's wonderful
- Keith: welcome lacey, excited to have someone keeping an eye out for volunteers, excited about serverless, explicit shoutout to andrew and the archive stuff
- Lacey: thanks for warm welcome, excited to figure out all of the organizing infrastructure
- Andrew: welcome lacey, things are moving fast, wondering if tech team meetings need to be weekly
- Deb: so much news, so exciting, yay talk reviews and archives, AWESOME, home stretch is coming
- der.hans: thanks for coming in and helping out Lacey, love the archive, thank you andrew
- Sri: welcome lacey and thank you everyone for being here, thanks to salt and hans for starting on outreach while I spun up, excited to get sponsors

# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


