# 2021-04-19 SeaGL 2021 bi-weekly all-hands
- April 19th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/2)
- [Shared Pad](https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan, Salt, Ben, Hans, Rachel, Don/sNTxRr, keith, Deb, Rhiannon
- Apologies: Andrew
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Rachel

### Metrics (previous --> current)

### Previous meeting feedback
- look forward to having a committee soon
- good meeting, excited about everything coming together
- look forward to having year 2 of virtual event

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails

## Agenda
### Demonstration of GitHub as a project management tool (Salt)
- Going to try to give github a fair shake at project management.
- "organization" repo will probably start getting broken out
- "staff" repo is new.  no contents but many Issues.  maybe kanban style at some point!
- access review of all the people who have contributed soon
- Agenda for staff meeting will always be Pinned at the staff repo github issues page
- Meeting will be shared screen on Staff repo's Issues
- Q: "should blog post needs still be posted in organization repo, or in staff?"
- A: more will probably live in staff, buuuut to-dos will be more in their own committee repos
- note: can link issues across gh repos
- Q: "good way to raise items for next meeting's agenda?  issue labels?"
- A: let's experiment, but that's fine
- note: will be wanting to track all staff's issues in one place, so we don't overlap and don't lose track of who is doing what.
- let's structure the kanban columns and categorization soon too so we do not lose them

### TODOs
#### 3/8
- [x] [communicate our save-the-date on social media](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/3) (der.hans)
- [x] [begin process of moving away from FSF as a fiscal sponsor](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/4)
  - consideration: a transition year from FSF to our own org to be sheltered under OSI, Deb could facilitate.
    - same fiscal obligation as we have under fsf.
    - deb is saying this would be ok
    - a couple "votes" for OSI over software freedom conservancy
  - OSI is probably pretty good, still under some consideration.
    - are there costs to moving? if we do this twice, what do we incur?
  - short term is ok for OSI, longer term less so.
- [ ] [compile list of what FSF has control over](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/5)
  - der.hans has begun this
- [x] [notify John Sullivan that SeaGL will be moving fiscal sponsors](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/6) (Deb)
- [ ] [document the new project management system](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/7) (Salt)
- [ ] [finalize committee descriptions](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/8) (Salt)
- [ ] [fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/9) (Salt)
  - for committee lead on Attendee Exp, Deb is tentatively interested, the output will depend really heavily on whether it's in person or remote
    - Rhiannon has signed on to Attendee Exp
  - der.hans would most prefer finance chair bc it's really just a very important committee that shouldn't be chairless, but can help with partnerships for the time being
  - sntxrr lead on sre along with keith! WOOOOO
  - volunteer lead still looking
  - IDEA (Inclusivity, Diversity, Equity, and Accessibility) committee lead still looking
    - Keith can lead/co-lead on this
  - CoC lead still looking
- [ ] [set up asynchronous method to review feedback from last year](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/10) (Salt)
  - salt will include this as an async item to review before next meeting
- [ ] [make progress on 2020 videos](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/11)
  - we need to download them from YT for transcription servicing, then upload them to archive.org
  - this is pretty high priority
  - getting these going is fairly strategic for our org as well
  - can we write a doc and then divide and conquer?
    - may not even need to do this, which is great. TY sntxrr & keith!!
- [ ] [make progress on 2020 speaker swag](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/12) (Salt)
  - progress to come
- [x] [compile list of blog posts that need writing](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/13) (Ben)
  - Q: "should we send out that one post about thanks for coming to 2020?"
  - A: "nah it's been so long, we don't really have anything written"
- [ ] [fill out 2021 timeline](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/14) (Everyone)
  - just keep this one in mind
  - talk in Issue if you want to add something
  - Nathan and Rachel can take this on

#### 4/5
- [x] [arrange meeting to discuss fiscal sponsor options](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/15) (der.hans)
- [x] [organize tech kick-off meeting](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/16) (Salt)
- [x] [send intro email connecting Andrew and Hager](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/17) (der.hans)
- [x] [create GitHub issues for all of the TODOs](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/18) (Salt)
  - will soon have a way to assign multiple people to a GH issue
  - or not, apparently they downgraded all of the open source org accounts to free tier that is restricted to one
  - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/61781949/assign-github-issue-to-more-than-1-people
- [ ] [decide on whether to hybrid by end of April](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/19) (Salt)
  - kinda leaning, virtual event, maybe SOMEthing social in-person?
- [x] [open issue to review last year's feedback, bring three positives, one opportunity to next meeting](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/20) (Salt)

#### 4/19
- [ ] Start the conversation with the OSI about doing a 1-2 year fiscal sponsor relationship (Deb)
- [ ] Begin paperwork to move to OSI as a fiscal sponsor (Deb and Salt)
- [ ] Change Twitter background picture to reflect 2021 date? (Outreach)
- [ ] Create the process to pull down, transcribe, and archive 2020 videos (Don and Keith)
- [ ] Take an initial pass on the 2021 timeline (Rachel and Nathan)
- [ ] Start mailing list thread about virtual vs hybrid vs in person (Salt)
- [ ] Add Ben to the Twitter account, not just Tweetdeck (Salt)
- [ ] Contact github to see whether they will expand issue assignment beyond 1 contributor for open source projects (Salt)

## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)

## Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- return to beginning meeting by go over norms
  - we start with intros and centering, followed by 1 minute of silence
  - often have chat in etherpad, change your name and color
  - this is how we wrap up
- notetaker role should be shared, don't make it invisible work that is often gendered

## Meeting adjourned!
