# 3 Aug 2021 Promotion & Outreach Committee meeting 

Present: Ben, Mateus, Salt

Regrets: 

Notes: https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_outreach 

## Agenda 

* Linux Magazine newsletter ads
    * Basically the same as we put on the website, but with sizes adjusted for the formal
* Linux Magazine print ads ([#61](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/61)) 
   * **Materials due 13 August**
    * What changes do we want to make for the last one?
        - Highlight keynote speakers
    - Let's set a deadline in the all-hands
    - ACTION: ben to check with Rachel and Nathan

* Press kits? 
    * Mateus: we could use the style guide, which isn't finished ([#132](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/132)) 
        * ACTION: bcotton to start a draft of a press kit by the next meeting
            WIP: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/257
        * ACTION: mateus to put Style Guide into the website system
        * ACTION: bcotton to follow up with Hans about Ambassadors program (sent)

* Making the announce mailing list more prominent
    * This came up in IRC on Monday. link for the announce mailing list is way down at the bottom of the page. We should make it more prominent
    * Salt: let's talk to Andrew about that ( ben will start that conversation)


* CfP extension
    * Do we have a firm date on it?
    * ACTION: ben to follow up

* [Other open tickets](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AOutreach) 
    * Call for volunteers
        * Tech team is meeting next week
         * Mateus: might be good to create some artwork for social media callouts
* Idea: sticker packs for 
    * Signal: https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360031836512-Stickers 
    * Telegram? 
    * Matrix 
    * looks like these can be comissioned for ~$200, Salt talked to Finance and thinks its worth spending on rather than trying to get a sponsor. Hans thinks the best method would be for the Outreach committee to follow an "official" process to request funds for this.
    
* Posters/handbills for Seattle area coffee shops/libraries/etc
    - Salt has a local print shop he likes to use
    https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/151


## Reminders 

* Next all-hands: 9 August at 1700 Pacific 
* Next Outreach meeting: 17 August at 1200 Pacific
