<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-10-18 SeaGL 2021 weekly all-hands (T-3)
- October 18th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/193)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan, Rachel, Lacey, Deb, Salt, Don/sntxrr, der.hans, Norm, Ben
- Apologies: Andrew
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Deb (and Ben if he comes back)
- Note Taker penultimate meeting: Don/sntxrr
- Note Taker meeting finale: 

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Remaining meetings: **_2_**
- Sponsors: 9 --> 10
- Committee budgets: 5 --> 5
- Confirmed Talks: 39
- Talk Proposals: 46
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote nominations: 38

### Previous meeting feedback
- Yay, such a good team of new and old volunteers!
- Stuff is getting done and short meetings are good
- Can't believe we're so close!


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 2x IDEA
  - [ ] ask remy about promo/outreach (Rachel/Nathan)
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)

### 5/17
- [<] #122 Send instructions for staff@ to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
  - not going to happen before 2021

### 7/12
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming OSI incubator project (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - 10/20: Draft written https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/seagl-osi

### 7/26
- [x] #148 plan geeky fashion show (Attendee Experience)
  - Like the suggestion of doing it pre-keynote Saturday morning.
  - costumes should be G or PG-rated.
  - Discussed having categories and do a Google survey over the course of the day to announce crowd favorites at the end.
  - planning happening in this pad, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/SeaGLSocial
  - [ ] Deb (who is angelic) to add the social events, using the "dummy" user, then send the higlights to Ben in a blog form for posting and tweeting

### 8/23
- [ ] #154 name SeaGL colors via community poll (Outreach)
  - Suggestions form: https://forms.gle/6qSQHC2HodwhDbTQ7
  - Suggestions poll will close on friday week before seagl (29 Oct), voting will open monday of seagl week
  - [ ] Update the form with the new color images (Salt)

### 9/20
- [ ] reach out DevOps Games about running games on Saturday (Rachel)
  - First contact attempt didn't happen. Rachel will follow up via Twitter DM

### 9/27
- [ ] respond to FSF about booth (der.hans)
  - draft in https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_FSF_booth_response
  - to discuss further at finance meeting after

### 10/4
- [x] email with volunteer call-for-help blog post shareable link to seagl2021, ambassador, etc (Ben)
- [ ] create GH ticket to document $150 budget request for tea from AX (der.hans)

### 10/11
- [ ] connect ubuntu community fund and OSI for account details (Finance, Salt)
  - related to #138
  - we have the funds, so late payment won't be an issue
- [ ] updated poll with nameless color images (Salt)
  - related to #154
- [ ] #188 brainstorm 2021 speaker gifts (Everyone)
- [ ] schedule time to talk to deb and ben for first draft of OSI announcement (Salt)
- [-] update ~~fb event~~, website, etc with theme text (Salt)
  - related to #130
- [ ] connect with AX committee for update about fashion show and teagl timing (Salt)
  - related to #148
  - saturday, pre trivia et al, folks leading sandwhich making
  - two teagl is too many teagls
  - if strong thoughts for ealrier in the day, could consider
  - maybe 2:45-3:15p saturday teagl, and for friday do a booth crawl
  - currently nothing program wise for friday night
  - [ ] discuss booth crawl hour on friday (Finance/Partnerships)
  - saturday break before keynote 4-4:30p
  - break after keynote before sandwhiches
  - trivia after sandwhiches
  - [ ] send suggestions for co-trivia runner to Deb (Everyone)
  - currently hoping for DevOps Games for Friday evening plans. Might need a backup, as their Twitter account has been inactive since saying they'd take August off.
  - mako cocktail hour for early-evening Friday
- [ ] review and revise response to fsf regarding virtual booth (Everyone interested, Salt, Deb)
  - see email titled, "draft response about FSF booth" on 10/11 (I think this is a duplicate? see 9/27 above)
- [ ] review and revise new CoC blog post by 10/12 (soft), 10/15 (hard) (Everyone)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/285
  - to be merged 10/19 unless significant feedback comes in


## New Items

<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### So it's not BBB, what is the user tech for presenting? (Rachel)
- Can we generate unique URLs to send to speakers?
- We're using Streamyard, which works in-browser similar to BBB. You sign in and meet your moderator, then we'll move you to the live stream when the curtains go up.
- https://streamyard.com/
- [ ] Generate URLs for talks and send to Program (Tech)
- review draft of documentation for streamyard: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/pull/194/files
- pre-record details to be forwarded
- communicate to speakers the pre-recorded deadline

### Program Update (Nathan)
- Initial program is published. Left out social events, which Deb will fill in
- Nathan generated talk graphics and shared with Outreach
- https://osem.seagl.org/conferences/seagl2021/schedule/events
- Last general email to speakers, including date, CC BY-SA 4.0 check, live/recorded question
- [ ] Sign agreement for graphical recordings (Salt)
- still need to fill in social slots and "seagl" announcement slots for schedule
- ben: can we get the speaker images for social posting?

### 10/18 - New TODOs
- [ ] ask remy about doing promo/outreach (or being a co-chair) (Rachel/Nathan)
- [ ] add social events to osem, using the "dummy" user, then send the higlights to Ben in a blog form for posting and tweeting (Deb)
- [ ] update the color selection form with the new color images (Salt)
- [ ] discuss booth crawl hour on friday (Finance/Partnerships)
- [ ] send suggestions for co-trivia runner to Deb (Everyone)
- [ ] generate URLs for talks and send to Program Committee (Tech)
- [ ] review draft of documentation for speakers on streamyard, https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/pull/194/files (Programming, Tech, Volunteering)
- [ ] forward details (how to, requirements, deadline) about pre-recording to speakers details to be forwarded (Programming)
- [ ] sign agreement for graphical recordings (Salt)
- [ ] send speaker images to Ben for social posting (Programming)
- [ ] plan virtual volunteer thank you event post-event (but not the day after) (Salt)
- [ ] add your other FLOSS org you volunteer with as thanks-sponsor on #189 (Everyone)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- FSF response looks good to go
- REMINDER: If you want your FOSS org to be listed as a sponsor, add them to the issue
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/189

## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [x] Final Program (Rachel, Nathan)
- [ ] 10/19: CoC update (Ben)
- [ ] approx 10/22 SeaGL theme (Ben)
- [ ] (probably post-event) SeaGL Archive site and videos (Ben)
- [ ] approx 10/26 Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - Or maybe we could post it during the event as a big announcement thing. Invite Stefano to show up and talk for a few minutes to say how excited OSI is
- [ ] Social events (Deb, Ben)
- [ ] Announcement that color suggestions poll will close on friday week before seagl, voting will open monday of seagl week (Ben)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- ~~Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1~~
- ~~Week Of~~ ~~Aug 30~~ ~~Sept 13 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers~~
- ~~September~~ ~~6~~ ~~(Monday)*: Notify Speakers~~
- ~~October 8~~ ~~1st~~ ~~September 20~~ ~~(Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]~~
- ~~October 15~~ ~~8~~th ~~September 27~~ ~~(Monday)*: Finalize Program~~
- Week of October 11 ~~4~~ ~~September 20~~: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- Week of October 18 ~~11~~ ~~September 27~~: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- Weeks of October 18 & October 25: Tech training for volunteers
- October 31-Nov 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL, and they work (in VLC)!
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular weekly all-hands: Monday, October 25 @ 5pm PT
  - Remember, _weekly_ meetings until the conference!

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming and Flow: Tuesday, October 19 @ 17:00 PT
- Outreach: Tuesday, October 19 @ 12:00 PT
- Tech: Wednesday, October 20 @ 17:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Monday, October 18 @ 18:00 PT, after all-hands

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan: We're almost there! Just one annoying email task left on the Program side. Everyone has been great!
- Rachel: (had to leave early)
- Lacey: If there was a group I was confident in pulling things off in two weeks, this is the group. We can do it!
- Deb: What Lacey said. Appreciate the hive mind here.
- Salt: Big thank you to everyone! Great to get through these meetings on time. Looking forward to responding to all of these emails soon.
- Don/sntxrr: Excited. Pressure's on. Go, team, go!
- der.hans: Great to see everything come together. Two weeks! A lot to do, but excited about the talks.
- Norm: Excited for the talks. Curious to see how the virtual conference goes (first time going to one)
- Ben: Excited. I have a lot of blog posts to write tonight.
- Sri: (hello and goodbye :P): 


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


