# 31 Aug 2021 Promotion & Outreach Committee meeting 

Present: Ben, Mateus, 

Regrets: 

Notes: https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_outreach 

## Agenda 

* Linux Magazine newsletter ads ([#60](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/60))
    * Basically the same as we put on the website, but with sizes adjusted for the formal
    * ACTION: Mateus to re-send them to LinuxMag

* Linux Magazine print ads ([#61](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/61)) 
    * Materials due  Friday, Sept 10
    * All keynotes confirmed.
    * ACTION: Ben to document speaker names in the isuse
    * ACTION: Mateus to modify text to include keynoters

* Style guide ([#132](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/132)) 
    * ACTION: mateus to put Style Guide into the website system
    * Salt: we could put polls on the social accounts where people could vote on color names ([#154](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/154))
        * 2 weeks of open form submissions
        * Make a poll among the top suggestions using star.vote

* Press kit
    * Published to the [website](https://seagl.org/press) but not linked yet.
    * Was on the last all-hands agenda

* (Done) Making the announce mailing list more prominent

* Idea: sticker packs for 
    * Signal: https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360031836512-Stickers 
    * Telegram? 
    * Matrix 
    * looks like these can be comissioned for ~$200, Salt talked to Finance and thinks its worth spending on rather than trying to get a sponsor. Hans thinks the best method would be for the Outreach committee to follow an "official" process to request funds for this.
       * The official process doesn't exist. Salt's general unwritten process:
           1. Open an issue (default to public, but private if necessary)
           2. Assign to Hans or all of Finance
           3. Include in the request the amount, reference links, etc.
       * ACTION: Ben to open this issue
    
* Posters/handbills for Seattle area coffee shops/libraries/etc ([#151](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/151))
    - Salt has a local print shop he likes to use

* Ada's offer to co-host FB event
     * Added to sponsor page
     * Co-host invitation pending on Facebook

* Lightning talks
    * Blog post published, announcing on social and mailing list

* 2020 videos
    * [Social posts planned](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FIVw3tvmRjVTVYzCzHafkqaz_qtl9oR9Y2YK5dsO9DM/edit?usp=sharing)
    * Working on blog post about videos and the newly-added archive pages


* [Other open tickets](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AOutreach) 
    * Call for volunteers
        * Tech team is meeting next week
         * Mateus: might be good to create some artwork for social media callouts


## Reminders 

* Next all-hands: ? September at 1700 Pacific 
* Next Outreach meeting: 14 September at 1200 Pacific





