<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-09-20 SeaGL 2021 weekly all-hands (T-7)
- September 20th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/168)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Salt, Lacey, Nathan, Ben, Don/sntxrr, Rachel, Sri, Norm, der.hans
- Apologies: Andrew, Keith, Dorian
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Ben
- Note Taker next meeting: Rachel

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Remaining meetings: 6
- Committee budgets: 0 --> 2
- Sponsors: 3 --> 6
- Talk Proposals: 46
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Confirmed Talks: ~17
- Keynote nominations: 38

### Previous meeting feedback
- Everyone is feeling the pressure building as the weeks fly by
- Everyone is excited to push things forward and clear off checklists
- Everyone welcomes Dorian


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #75 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF (Salt and Deb)
  - biggest issue is the storage unit.
  - Asked FSF to extend it, but they might not be able to.
  - Will try to get it extended through post-conference.
  - Will find space to move it after that which isn't someone (Salt's) living/bed-room
- [<] #78 Document the new project management system (Salt)
  - migrating this to a general organizational task rather than by 2021
- [<] #79 Finalize committee descriptions (Salt)
  - migrating this to a general organizational task rather than by 2021
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 1x Volunteers, 2x IDEA, 2x CoC
  - since we would be looking internally for CoC anyway, and as we are getting close, I'm removing this from the search list
  - however, we should still plan on having a first CoC meeting to figure things out, Lacey updated the issue with some ideas https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/121
  - [ ] reach out to Dorian to ask if he wants to be considered Volunteers Chair 2 (Lacey)
    - if he wants to we will need to get him set up with perms and channels (Salt)
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - [ ] connect with Lacey to print labels for 2020 swag (Salt)

### 5/17
- [ ] #122 Send instructions for staff@ to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
  - no updates
- [ ] #112 All committees have had their first meeting, and figured out whether a regularly scheduled one makes sense (Chairs)
  - Deb to organize Attendee Experience meeting this week
- [ ] #69 Put out a call for more volunteers, especially for Volunteer Lead and OSEM/Rails developer (Outreach)
  - Lacey went to programming, finance/partnerships, and tech committees to ask for needs
  - Please reach out to Lacey for needs ASAP, email/post/update will be going out soon.
  - Can be amended if you come up with new needs.

### 5/31
- [ ] #123 Clean-up email ratsnest (Salt, Tech)
  - no updates
- [ ] #124 Close out 2020, that list in the corner we never look at...
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/projects/1
  - Waiting until ~~2020 videos are up~~ and swag has shipped
  - no updates
- [ ] #130 select 2021 theme (Everyone)
  - email with voting link sent out
  - everyone vote!

### 7/12
- [ ] #138 talk to Monica about ubuntu community fund sponsorship for live graphical notes (nathan)
  - Now that we know how many talks, Nathan will submit the request.
  - We want to do the keynotes regardless and would extend to all talks with a dedicated sponsor.
  - Cost of doing real-time vs post-event does not appear to be different.
- [ ] #139 all committees submit budget requests for 2021 (committee chairs)
  - [ ] update budget issue with checkbox list of committees to keep track of who has/hasn't sent theirs in (Salt)
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)
  - no updates
  - holding off at least until we become an incubator project
- [ ] #140 review site and public documentation for fiscal sponsor updates (der.hans)
  - Lacey, Ben, and others have found a bunch of the stuff.
  - If there are additional places we're mentioning FSF as a sponsor or other outdated info, it needs to be fixed. 
  - [ ] do some grepping of the website repo for outdated FSF info (der.hans, Salt)

### 7/26
- [<] #143 reach out to friend who worked on OSEM (Sri)
  - no updates
  - putting off since this year's OSEM needs are mostly behind us.
- [ ] #148 start brainstorming how and when a geeky fashion show would take place (Everyone)

### 8/09
- [x] add language about release license to talk acceptance (Programming)
  - That happened, although there was a typo in which license version.
  - Will clarify when talk times are sent and request confirmation from speakers.
- [ ] announcement about 2021 keynotes (Outreach)
  - Need a blog post folks can link to
  - Ben: it is in ideation stage, expect by end of week

### 8/23
- [x] gather 2020 volunteer emails from Lucy, send to Lacey (der.hans)
- [ ] take on and contact one or more sponsors (Everyone)
  - add your name to the sheet and cc sponsors@seagl.org when taking somewhere on https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AZx2F2zmOQD-lfBdHj9YWNqvndj8lShrXjrbS43-8Es/edit
  - probably time to bump threads that haven't yet been responded to
- [ ] submit name suggestions for seagl colors (Everyone)
  - Keep bumping on social media

### 9/13
- [x] send email with poll for 2021 theme (Salt)
- [ ] get conference tabling gear from storage before OSS (Salt)
  - OSS is next week
  - sri heading up first day, staying conditional on comfort
  - would like to meet up at least the first day with some seagl folks
  - [ ] set up small group chat for folks tabling OSS [Sri, Salt, Lacey] (Salt)
- [ ] design handbill four-to-a-page handouts for OSS (Outreach)
  - Need to have by Thursday
  - Salt will design if need-be
- [ ] print handbill four-to-a-page handouts for OSS (Salt)
  - Salt to print when design is ready
- [ ] ask OSI whether they want a "booth" at seagl (Salt)
- [ ] reach out to SCC about how we can thank them (Salt)
- [x] talk to Deb about fsf as a non-profit sponsor (Salt)
  - Poll created for y/n and comments in third field
  - SeaGL login used to access poll but it is anonymous
  - Please respond ASAP, By Thursday at latest, Wednesday better to get your response in
  - Response will be sent to FSF by end of week


## New Items

### Add staff "sponsor" orgs (Salt)
- We'd like to offer all staff the opportunity to promote one FLOSS community organization they work with at the thanks level (thanks for donating your time here rather than there!)
- This is for communities, not employers (ask them for $$$!)

### DevOps Party Games (Rachel)
- Day 1 of DevOpsDays PDX
- They run their version of jackbox games for other community orgs
- This would be nice for the saturday after party event
- [ ] reach out DevOpsDays PDX about running games on Saturday (Rachel)

### Program Update (Nathan)
- All speaker decisions have been sent
  - (some have been flagged as spam, so encourage you friends to check)
  - Deviated from the historical practice by allowing multiple talks from speakers
- Currently working on scheduling the talks, deciding on number of tracks (might be two, maybe 3)
  - We need to know time needs for social events so they can be included in the schedule.
  - Put them in writing and soon.
  - (speaker deadline is a week from Friday, would be good to know social events by then too)
- TeaGL: let's plan on one each day
- Fashion show: will probably be during the Saturday night party
- Note: Attendee Experience hasn't met yet, but they will this week

### Budget request process (Salt)
1. the _requester_ opens an issue on GH which includes the _amount requested_ and whether there is a _deadline_
2. the _requester_ tags this issue with both the _finance committee_ and the _requesting committee_, also the _conference year_ if it is relavent
3. the _finance committee_ will review _by the next meeting_ (at the latest) and respond in the GH issue with the _decision_
4. once the purchase has been made, the _requester_ responds with the _amount to be reimbursed_ on the GH issue, which includes an @ ping to the _finance committee chair_
5. the _finance committee chair_ responds on the GH issue with the _date the reimbursement was issued_ or with a _request for more information_
6. the _requester_ closes the GH issue once the reimbursement has _been received_
- [ ] Add where to attach the receipt (Salt)
  - Hans: should probably not be in GitHub
  - Ben: we could put them in Google Drive and put the link in the issue
  - Okay to redact some sensitive information (address, CC info, etc).
  - Nathan would be okay with redacted in GitHub

### Tech team dry runs (Lacey)
- this Wednesday there will be a full run-through
- weekend after will be documenting the system
- want to invite programming chairs, since they know the speaker needs
- nathan: in past didn't necessarily attend, but conveying requirements
  - certain resolution, file format, etc
  - otherwise pretty flexible

### Address email problems (Nathan)
- request for tech start looking solutions for sending mass mail
  - avoid issues heading to spam
  - currently can't easily send mail to all folks who have accepted talk
- Don: happy to work with this, experience with sendgrid dkim, etc.
- [ ] look into why emails are going to spam (Tech)
- [ ] explore options for 1-to-many emails, e.g., sendgrid (Tech)


### 9/20 - New TODOs
- [ ] reach out to Dorian to ask if he wants to be considered Volunteers Chair 2 (Lacey)
- [ ] connect with Lacey to print labels for 2020 swag (Salt)
- [ ] update budget issue with checkbox list of committees to keep track of who has/hasn't sent theirs in (Salt)
- [ ] do some grepping of the website repo for outdated FSF info (der.hans, Salt)
- [ ] set up small group chat for folks tabling OSS [Sri, Salt, Lacey] (Salt)
- [ ] reach out DevOpsDays PDX about running games on Saturday (Rachel)
- [ ] look into why emails are going to spam (Tech)
- [ ] explore options for 1-to-many emails, e.g., sendgrid (Tech)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- no time


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] ASAP: Keynotes (Ben) [Rachel, Nathan]
- [ ] Final Program (Rachel, Nathan)
- [ ] SeaGL Archive site and videos (Ben)
- [ ] Request for Volunteers (Lacey)
- [ ] Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- ~~Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1~~
- ~~Week Of~~ ~~Aug 30~~ ~~Sept 13 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers~~
- ~~September~~ ~~6~~ ~~(Monday)*: Notify Speakers~~
- Week of September 20: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- Week of September 27: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- October 1st ~~September 20 (Monday)~~: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- October 8th ~~September 27 (Monday)~~*: Finalize Program
- October 31-Nov 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL, and they work (in VLC)!
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular weekly all-hands: Monday, September 27 @ 5pm PT
  - Remember, _weekly_ meetings until the conference!

#### committee meetings
- Programming and Flow: Tuesday, September 28 @ 17:00 PT
- Outreach: Tuesday, September 28 @ 12:00 PT
- Tech: Wednesday, September 29 @ 17:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Monday, September 20 @ 18:00 PT, after all-hands

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Lacey: Really excited to see how the dry run goes. Let me know if you have any volunteer needs.
- Nathan: Excited to be able to slot talks into the schedule. Really excited about the DevOps Party Games.
- Ben: Feeling less hectic than I did this time last year.
- Don/sntxrr: Also feeling less panicked. We had a pre-dry run and it's only September.
- Rachel: (had to leave early)
- Sri: Life is good. Looking forward to continuing to work with everyone.
- Hans: The meeting was great; we're getting a lot done. Great to have Lacey come in with a lot of energy and get a lot of stuff done (and motivate the rest of us to get stuff done)
- Norm: Excited we have sponsors. 
- Salt: Amazing to have everyone here. I can't thank you all enough. Excited to see what gets checked off next week. Looking forward to shortening the meeting by shortening the number of issues on the agenda.

# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->



