# 2021-05-03 SeaGL 2021 bi-weekly all-hands
- May 3rd, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/24)
- [Shared Pad](https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Salt, Nathan, der.hans, Mateus, Don/sNTxRr, Ben, Rhiannon, Christy
- Apologies: Rachel, Andrew, Keith
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Nathan

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- N/A (start brainstorming)

### Previous meeting feedback
- return to beginning meeting by go over norms
  - we start with intros and centering, followed by 1 minute of silence
  - often have chat in etherpad, change your name and color
  - this is how we wrap up
  - [ ] Copy over the old agenda norms to template (Salt)
- notetaker role should be shared, don't make it invisible work that is often gendered

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New ITems`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## New first or old first?
- old first ensures we don't let stuff continue to slip through the cracks

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #4 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF
- [x] #5 Compile list of what FSF has control over (der.hans)
  - comment added to issue
  - bookkeeping/accounting, banking, sponsor payments, storage unit
  - taxes, they don't do any real analysis other than responding to asks from us
  - old fiscal sponsor gave us spreadsheet, but we've not asked for that with current sponsor
  - [ ] Organize committee finance committee meeting to set next steps for FSF migration (der.hans)
- [ ] #7 Document the new project management system (Salt)
  - haven't gotten to yet
- [ ] #8 Finalize committee descriptions (Salt)
  - hiccup with pad, have to redo
- [ ] #9 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Finance, 1x Promotion/Outreach, 1x Partnerships, 2x Volunteers, 1x IDEA, 2x CoC
  - Christy = Partnerships (lead), IDEA (but would be happy to just be on committee instead of lead)
- [ ] #10 Set up asynchronous method to review feedback from last year (Salt)
  - email sent out
  - try to pull out 3 things that we did well and 1 thing we can improve on (focus on your specific areas)
  - everyone please do this before the next meeting
- [x] #12 Make progress on 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - ordered Bubble Wrap and weighed at post office
  - [ ] Talk to programming and partnerships about what to include in 2020 gift shipments (Salt)

### 4/5
- [x] #19 decide on whether to hybrid by end of April (Salt)
  - not doing hybrid, but can keep an in-person social gathering in mind if the risks are low enough
  - hans: if we go hybrid in the future, shouldn't be a strict requirement to mirror experiences both way
  - program timeline is more of a blocker than facility reservations for determining deadline to decide this
  - [ ] Update Website to note we are 100% Virtual (Tech)

### 4/19
- [ ] #25 Start the conversation with the OSI about doing a 1-2 year fiscal sponsor relationship (Deb)
  - need to choose sponsor from the board
  - nice if Salt can be our Organizational Contact
  - [ ] Discuss who on the OSI board we should ask to be our sponsor (Salt and Deb)
- [ ] #26 Begin paperwork to move to OSI as a fiscal sponsor (Deb and Salt)
- [x] #27 Change Twitter background picture to reflect 2021 date (Outreach)
- [ ] #11 Create the process to pull down, transcribe, and archive 2020 videos (Don and Keith)
  - 37 total videos, we're in the process of evaluating the transcription services we've identified
  - will may need help evaluating transcription quality and reviewing them post after testing a few
- [ ] #14 Take an initial pass on the 2021 timeline (Rachel and Nathan)
  - in progress: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Za_uEHQVXir3kHXFOVM3htwgmQ6YFJ0a1R1HP-dNYFs/edit#gid=0
- [x] #28 Start mailing list thread about virtual vs hybrid vs in person (Salt)
- [x] #21 Add Ben to the Twitter account, not just Tweetdeck (Salt)
- [x] #29 Contact GitHub to see whether they will expand issue assignment beyond 1 contributor for open source projects (Salt)
  - "upgraded" open source accounts to something else that got rid of this feature around the time of acquisition
  - might have path forward if we move to non-profit status
  - we don't need to be our own non-profit, we can use the status of our fiscal sponsor
  - [ ] Connect with Alison and see if she can make something happen (Salt)

## New Items

### Welcome Christy (Salt)
- done during discussion about #9

### Outreach topics (Ben)
#### 2021 Sponsors page
- I started the 2021 sponsors page but I haven't linked it from the main sponsors page yet.
- right now we only have one sponsor listed, and I'm concerned that looks bad.
- should I go ahead and add the link, or do we want to wait until we have a few more sponsors? (Or at least a prospectus)
- ideally, we want some sort of CTA on the page first
- we are already linking to previous sponsors page
  - https://seagl.org/sponsors/
  - https://seagl.org/sponsors/2021.html
- wait until the prospectus is ready
  - [ ] Prepare 2021 Sponsor Prospectus (Finance)
- Deb willing to help test OSEM stuff if we want to play around with creating 2021 event with CFP set to open in future so that we have URL

#### Linux Pro Magazine website ads
- we have draft options of the Linux Pro Magazine website ads.
- Ben wants CFP end date for ads
- CFP dates at least a couple of weeks out
- may be better to have "CFP coming soon" for now and change graphic later
- if you have strong opinions about any of them, please comment on SeaGL/organization#59 by the end of your day Friday
- https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/SXjcZ5pZrojEKbA?dir=undefined&path=%2FSeaGL_2021%2Fads&openfile=95419
- [ ] Add opinions via comment on SeaGL/organization#59 by EoD Friday (Everyone)

### Hunt for New Programming Committee Staff (Nathan)
- tweet went out, little response
  - https://twitter.com/nathanhandler/status/1384537348700966913?s=20
- would like to have half dozen people
- can't go through our current fiscal sponsor to post on LinkedIn or other job board type stuff
- CatchFire = Non-Profit to help other Non-Profits find skilled volunteer resources
  - https://www.catchafire.org/
- Alison didn't get email, but is interested in helping out on program committee again
  - yay!

### All committees should be organizing their first meeting asap
- [ ] Create issue for each committee to organize first meeting (Salt)

## New TODOs - 5/3
- [ ] Copy over the old agenda norms to template (Salt)
- [ ] Organize committee finance committee meeting to set next steps for FSF migration (der.hans)
- [ ] Talk to programming and partnerships about what to include in 2020 gift shipments (Salt)
- [ ] Update Website to note we are 100% Virtual (Tech)
- [ ] Discuss who on the OSI board we should ask to be our sponsor (Salt and Deb)
- [ ] Connect with Alison and see if she can make something happen (Salt)
- [ ] Prepare 2021 Sponsor Prospectus (Finance)
- [ ] Add opinions via comment on SeaGL/organization#59 by EoD Friday (Everyone)
- [ ] Create issue for each committee to organize first meeting (Salt)

## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)

## Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- deb: yay new faces, yay committees, yay momentum
- rhiannon: nothing to add
- salt: yay all of the faces
- alison: puppy! pre-occupied but pings are fine
- nathan: feeling better, yay new volunteers, great to have new people with new takes/backgrounds
- der.hans: great to have people from all over the planet! last year had 4 different continents on PR
- mateus: glad to be part of community
- ben: issue based meeting agenda has provided nice structure
- christy: love getting to know everyone on the team, open to candid feedback
- sNTxRr: really excited for 2nd year, may have secret tech volunteer


## Meeting adjourned!

