<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-06-02 SeaGL 2021 memorial day bi-weekly all-hands catch-up
- June 2nd, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/126)
- [Shared Pad](https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Deb, Andrew, Don/sntxrr, Rhiannon, sri
- Apologies: Salt
- Facilitator: Deb
- Note Taker(s): Don
- Note Taker next meeting: Nathan

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Keynote nominations: 12 --> 35
- (keep brainstorming!)
  - Rachel would like to see more, form is still open, keep bringing folks up! Even if you think of it during the meeting.
  - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdr6ijEpmdFFkvSQEV1rS7oWsQ3Ti83xeteBuhEKJ7FsTCpVw/viewform?usp=sf_link

### Previous meeting feedback
- many kudos:
  - keith: great meeting, hope to be more around in next couple of weeks
  - andrew: seems to be a good meeting format
  - deb: great to see everyone, like going through tickets
  - norm: new to all of this, interest, will need to not use tablet for meetings
  - der.hans: good meeting, look forward to catching up
  - rachel: still receiving benefit of rules without them being as strict, meetings running much more smoothly
  - salt: thanks, want to work on integrating the issues a bit, would like to hear from people we haven't heard from for a while
- GH issue emails are a bit noisy (keith has offered help for anyone having this... issue)
- Comb GH issues a bit more beforehand to expedite things


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #75 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF (Salt and Deb)
  - Salt: OSI has tentatively approved our request, needed a sustainability statement, Salt drafted it, still working on final approval
  - Deb: I did introductions of all accountants, things continue to move forward
- [ ] #78 Document the new project management system (Salt)
  - Salt: underwater with finals week projects/grading, but it is on track for Mid-June
- [ ] #79 Finalize committee descriptions (Salt)
  - Salt: underwater with finals week projects/grading, but it is on track for Mid-June
  - invite your friends to participate in committees, if desired, keep them focused on committee work
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Finance, 1x Promotion/Outreach, 1x Partnerships, 2x Volunteers, 1x IDEA, 2x CoC
- [ ] #81 Set up asynchronous method to review feedback from last year (Salt)
  - Salt: still waiting for more responses, welcoming of any suggestions
- [ ] #82 Publish 2020 videos (Tech)
  - There's an editor for proofing the captions
  - We will be crowdsourcing amongst the whole org 
  - Links are available, but currently unlisted
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - Salt: underwater with finals week projects/grading, but it is on track for Mid-June, bit blocked by #106

### 5/3
- [ ] #106 Talk to programming and partnerships about what to include in 2020 gift shipments (Salt)
  - Salt: Ideally, this will include update about talk recordings
- [ ] #110 Prepare 2021 Sponsor Prospectus (Finance and Partnerships)
  - Salt: Hans and Christy should be sure to sync
  - If your workplace likes to write checks, please make an introduction!

### 5/17
- [ ] #122 Send instructions for everyone to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
  - Hans: will we have standalone transcripts as well?
  - Nathan: I haven't heard anything about this, but we should be careful, as not all talks can stand on their own with just a transcript and no slides
  - Salt: Dealing with some permission issues, but it sounds like folks will be able to login soon, a list of video links has been created and will go out for signups soon
- [x] #85 Add 2021 timeline to pad, ask for addition in GH issue (Salt)
- [ ] #56 Review [draft of virtual announcement blog post](https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/245) and LGTM (Rachel and Ben)
  - Salt: PR still open bit seems like it has been reviewed
  - Salt: lets update the post date since it's been a while, and get it published ASAP
- [x] #65 Add the note to template that "Meeting minute notes are public by default." (Salt)
- [x] #66 Review then migrate public issues from staff repo to org repo (Salt)
- [ ] #59 Finalize and send 2021 ads to Linux Magazine (Ben)
- [ ] #112 All committees have had their first meeting, and figured out whether a regularly scheduled one makes sense (Chairs)
  - Deb owes Rhiannon an invite for the Attendee Experience committee
  - Monica helped us with TeaGL last year and is interested in helping this year?
- [x] Add Ben Cotton to the announce list moderators list (Salt)
- [x] Add a box for Fediverse contact on the keynote nomination form (in addition to existing Twitter) (Rachel)
  - Hans: Thank you for adding this new field!
- [x] #67 Share/retweet keynote nomination link (Everyone)
  - Nathan: Thanks everyone for your help in promoting this
  - Nathan: closing tonightish
- [ ] #68 Reach out to James Mason, lead of LFNW and OSEM maintainer (Andrew)
  - Ask Salt for an intro/clarification of what we're asking
  - Ask James for help reviewing OSEM work done in October
  - Not what we need right now, but James can help upstream things
- [ ] #69 Put out a call for more tech volunteers, especially for OSEM/Rails on social media (Outreach)
  - Don: will follow up with personal ask of a friend
- [x] #70 Start planning and announcing the 2021 career expo (der.hans)
  - Hans: announced to previous organizers, scheduling meetings/correspondence
- [ ] #71 Write email to SeaGL announce list (Outreach)
  - Any update from Outreach committee?
  - Please let us know if access is an issue

## New Items
- [ ] #123 Clean-up email ratsnest
  - This sounds like tech team thing
  - Don will reach out to Salt
  - Rob did this in years past, would send a note to each committee chair with who is on the list, and ask them for update
  - [ ] Follow up with non-responders at next meeting
- [ ] #124 Close out 2020, that list in the corner we never look at...
  - Salt: please review 2020 Wrapup tickets and take yours or pass them to someone else, so we can get these wrapped up
  - General reminder to all!

### IRC (Nathan)
- Nathan: PR to update web site to change to Libera.chat seems like it was merged
- Nathan: no additional announcements seem to have been made thus far
- Salt: blockers are having a blog post and a functioning bridge into Libera.chat from Matrix
- Salt: Matrix is having issues with some channels unbridging from Freenode
- Salt: we need to upgrade the Matrix channel version either way, so this seems like a good time to transition from Matrix.org to Seattle Matrix instance
- Nathan: shouldn't let Matrix/Blog Post block us, just put out a Tweet and migrate $now
- Salt: I have procedure in mind for how to handle shutting down channel, agree we can at least de-link for now
- Everyone should move and use Matrix on #SeaGL:seattlematrix.org / #SeaGL:matrix.org or IRC on Libera.Chat #SeaGL

### Keynote Next Steps (Nathan)
- Nathan: Numbers are looking much better, up to 35 now
- Nathan: next step is that voting will be sent out to staff
- Nathan: we are considering using civs rather than google form
- Salt: would you consider using https://star.vote ?
- Salt: ++ for using some form of ranked choice voting instead of a google form

### Lightning Talks (Nathan)
- Nathan: we had a proposal for lighting talks
- Nathan: Sri and Alison are going to head up the initiative
- Salt: should consider whether or not we can use specific branding for "auto-slide-progression talks"
- Waiting for input from Program Committee on this one


### Team Drive (Nathan)
- programming committee votes against move off Google mid-planning
- can we enable this organizational feature of Google drive?
- Salt: sure!

### 5/31 - New TODOs
- [ ] queue up social media posts about Freenode â†’ Libera.Chat transition
- [ ] unbridge Matrix channel from Freenode 
- [ ] upgrade or migrate Matrix channel
- [ ] bridge Matrix channel to Libera.Chat
    - tech issue, Don will coordinate with Salt/prasket from SeattleMatrix
    - Sri can connect Don with KDE/Gnome Matrix folks
- [ ] enable Team Drive for Google Org (Salt or Nathan)
- [ ] add transition to OSI banking as blocker for prospectus issue (Salt)
    - Der.Hans is cc'd on the right email thread for bringing money in
    - put that $$$ over there --> over here
- [ ] send out draft of sponsor prospectus to seagl2021@ (Finance)
- [ ] select 2021 theme (Everyone)
  - [ ] add previous brainstorming to this issue (Salt)
  - this year is year 9
  - inclusive, PG, family friendly suggestions are preferred
  - we should all do TeaGL toasts in 9" heels
  - we tend to talk about the theme for a few meetings in a row
- [x] verify Wednesday meeting time is 5pm Pacific (Salt)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up
- 


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- June 15 (Tuesday)**: CFP opens
- August 5 (Thursday)*: CFP closes
- Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1
- Week Of Aug 30 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers
- September 6 (Monday)*: Notify Speakers
- September 19 (Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- September 26 (Monday)*: Finalize Program
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Catch up meeting on Wednesday on June 2nd, at 5pm PT (8pm ET)
  - Deb will facilitate for folks that can't make Monday's meeting
- Next regular bi-weekly all-hands Monday, June 14 @ 5pm PT

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan: in the heat of it for programming, nice to have a committee
- Norm: still looking for place to fit in and help out, preferably not as committee lead, wants to help with video transcriptions
- Hans: welcome/welcome back everyone, nice to hear the programming committee has new folks
- Ryan: going to dig through GitHub issues and see where I can help out
- Christy: looking forward to connecting offline with finance to work on prospectus and talk about sponsors, thanks to everyone for being involved
- Salt: <3
- Andrew: still confused about my task, biggest thought is that no one in charge of tech stuff re: OSEM
  - need more people power to move it forward
  - probably not upgrading OSEM this year and that's ok(?)
  - this bugs Andrew a LOT
  - Sri will introduce Don to Kenny as a sysadmin type person
- Don: pains me to hear something so neglected
- Sri: glad to be here and help out, looking forward to SeaGL 2021
- Rhiannon: glad to have something else to do and help out with
  - (Don will invite her to tech committee!)
- Deb: glad we've stopped glossing things over in terms of OSEM and enjoyed the smaller group of people 


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):
    #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
    javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


