<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-11-01 SeaGL 2021 weekly all-hands (T-1)
- November 1st, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/198)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan, Rachel, Andrew, Lacey, Ben, Salt, Deb, Norm, der.hans,keith, sntxrr, Mateus, Josh
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Ben

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Remaining Meetings: !! **_0_** !!
- Sponsors: 13 --> 14
- Committee Budgets: 5 --> all
- Confirmed Talks: 39
- Talk Proposals: 46
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote Nominations: 38

### Previous meeting feedback
- All of the appreciation
- Consider holding staff meetings in Matrix
- Nearly there...
- Less freaked out than last year
- Everyone needs a matrix account


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [x] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - Mateus as outreach co-lead, Lacey as CoC co-lead
  - We really need to spend extra time on IDEA next year...
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - I continue to fail at finding time for this, post-conference it is I guess...

### 7/12
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming OSI incubator project (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - 10/20: Draft written, https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/seagl-osi
  - 11/1: No time to work on it yet

### 8/23
- [ ] #154 name SeaGL colors via community poll (Outreach)
  - Voting form: https://forms.gle/ZD8pHVgZKUFwjz3r9

### 9/20
- [x] reach out DevOps Games about running games on Saturday (Rachel)
  - Happening Friday night!
  - We need three more volunteers to reach the ideal number of players.
    - Volunteers: Nathan, Deb, Rachel

### 10/4
- [x] create GH ticket to document $150 budget request for tea from AX (der.hans)

### 10/11
- [x] #188 brainstorm 2021 speaker gifts (Everyone)
  - One idea: portrait/avatar
    - Nathan: checked with Mindseye. That's a no-go
    - Our sticker pack artist on Fiverr can do 50 for $500
    - $5 per image, 2 day turnaround: https://www.fiverr.com/share/XmbjbD < cool idea: we could ask them to draw them in SeaGL colors!!
  - Deb: Could we do a gift certificate? There's a spice shop and everyone cooks with at least black pepper.
    - GCs have potential issues and want to avoid physical items this year
    - We can do digital, but for speakers outside the US the shipping cost might make it not worthwhile
  - Hans: we could do GCs to a sticker shop, Redbubble, etc
  - Avatars are a lot more logistical work. 
  - Will table and return to it. Brainstorming is done.
  - [ ] Open a new issue to handle the speaker gifts (Salt)
- [ ] schedule time to talk to deb and ben for first draft of OSI announcement (Salt)
  - 11/1: No update.
  - We may not have time for this before the event.
  - Consensus is that Salt can mention it verbally and we'll publish a post later with more info.

### 10/18
- [x] add social events to osem, using the "dummy" user, then send the higlights to Ben in a blog form for posting and tweeting (Deb) \o/ \o/
- [x] generate URLs for talks and send to Program Committee (Tech)
  - can titles be updated on the rooms? some speakers were shuffled
  - (keith verified all urls, nothing has been updated yet, but can easily change if anything changes between now and conference)
- [ ] review draft of documentation for speakers on streamyard, https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/pull/194/files (Programming, Tech, Volunteering)
  - TODO at Tech meeting / Dry Run
- [x] forward details (how to, requirements, deadline) about pre-recording to speakers details to be forwarded (Programming)
- [ ] plan virtual volunteer thank you event post-event (but not the day after) (Salt)
  - [ ] Send out a scheduling poll (Salt)
- [ ] add your other FLOSS org you volunteer with as thanks-sponsor on #189 (Everyone)

### 10/25
- [x] ask Minds Eye about additional caricature at bulk-rate add-on (Nathan)
  - We covered this above already, they are unable to do it
- [ ] generate the speakers associated Matrix room (hopefully) before speaker email goes out (Tech)
  - Salt is close, topics were a hold up and Lacey and Dorian filled in all of them
  - One important part is track sponsors (we need to call out which talks are sponsored by who in the topic maybe welcome).
  - There might be a way to pull it out of OSEM (using the "room" which is not a streaming room), otherwise we can just assign them at random
  - Staff will be automatically added
  - Trivia and sandwich-making will happen in the Social room
  - Do social folks want interactive or more like the speaker rooms?
    - DevOps Party Games will probably use their own space, the rest will be interactive
    - Streamyard has a max of 10 guests, Jitsi isn't currently ready to stream, but can be
    - [ ] discuss interactive social event rooms (Tech)
  - [ ] Add info for social events to interstitial GH issue (Deb)
- [x] create spreadsheet to track speaker Mastodon/Twitter handles (Nathan)
  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bHrOX1jSD5ixSqFvSpKlIkdtVMXBEg7Mm0f-m-aOE_s/edit?usp=sharing \o/
- [ ] write up a doc to take a quick pass at moderation decision making (CoC)
  - FYI: barebones draft exists in the SeaGL Staff channel. Because of sensitive nature, it's not on etherpad.
  - Wrote all of the "offenses" we could think of and come up with policies for them
  - Needs more input on severities and responses
  - Doc in the staff Google Drive may be the best place
  - [ ] Have conversation about moderation decision making in the Triage channel (CoC, Tech)
- [ ] brainstorm Friday afternoon booth crawl (Attendee Experience)
  - Monica and Deb didn't have time to work on it
  - Just announcing it is fine
  - [ ] Create an issue for any last-minute sponsor booth crawl ideas (Salt)
- [ ] #174 create ad-roll (Mateus, Romeo)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/promotion_outreach/design/talks < basically one of these styles, then simple slide change animation / generic music.
  - [ ] provide list of sponsors to include in ad-roll (Partnerships)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/promotion_outreach/design/social-media/source/seagl2021_social_media_banners.svg < more resources, especially the one with Patch is really good
- [ ] schedule a pre-conference staff meeting (Salt)
  - It will be sometime. Probably 6pm PT Wednesday
  - Purpose: for anyone who needs to do last-minute shakeout
  - [ ] Invite other speaker wrangler volunteers


## New Items

<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### CoC Documentation (Lacey)
- Get into SeaGl Triage, discuss there
- Barebones document exists with some common offenses
- Idea is that when you enter the room you get a welcome message and thumbs up to agree that you are clear on the CoC enough to enforce for the duration of the conference
- If you don't want to moderate / have that responsibility for any reason, let us know

### Owncast and costs associated (sntxrr)
- Don did POC this weekend with Owncast. The cost could run into $many. It's currently tied to Don's credit card.
- Keith: We have no idea how many people will watch. The AWS instance is too small for prod use
- Owncast is basically FOSS Twitch. The idea was to have a non-YouTube/etc option
- Keith: It would require plugging in the server at Don's house and set it up. We have no idea if it will meet our needs.
- Nathan: Let's nix it and apologize to the small number of people who won't watch and let them know we'll have videos on Archive.org later.
- Consensus is that it's not worth our time this year

### Last minute 2021 tasks (Salt)
- Is ANYONE missing from Matrix?
  - Reaching out to Remy
  - Mateus getting in! Woo

### SeaGL 2022 date (Salt)
- October 28/29, November 4/5, or November 11/12 (Veteran's Day)
- * November 4/5 <<< Announce at end of event (don't forget!)
- [ ] talk about what announcements need to occur and when (Salt, Programming, AX, Everyone)
- Lisa has moved on from Seattle Central.
  - Year 10 might be a good time to move elsewhere (UW maybe?)
  - Issue to discuss in person options / venues / etc. for future SeaGL

### Meeting next week? (Ben)
- To wrap up or to rest?
- Lacey: would be good, some issues we could create and tack a 2022 on them as we close out 2021 stuff, reupping issues for future
- Nathan: I'd vote for a week off. People will be recovering and scrambling on wrapping up tasks
- Deb: 1 week is okay, but if we let it go, it will move out too far. So we can take one week off and then schedule it for the following.
- There will be an optional meeting on the 8th, and a retrospective on the 15th
  - Good idea to take a look at those 2020 tasks on the 8th
- [ ] Put the meetings on the calendar (Salt)

### 11/01 - New TODOs
- [ ] Open a new issue to handle the speaker gifts (Salt)
- [ ] review draft of documentation for speakers on streamyard, https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/pull/194/files (Programming, Tech, Volunteering)
  - TODO at Tech meeting / Dry Run
- [ ] plan virtual volunteer thank you event post-event (but not the day after) (Salt)
  - [ ] Send out a scheduling poll (Salt)
- [ ] discuss interactive social event rooms (Tech)
- [ ] Add info for social events to interstitial GH issue (Deb)
- [ ] Have conversation about moderation decision making in the Triage channel (CoC, Tech)
- [ ] Create an issue for any last-minute sponsor booth crawl ideas (Salt)
- [ ] provide list of sponsors to include in ad-roll (Partnerships)
- [ ] schedule a pre-conference staff meeting (Salt)
  - [ ] Invite other speaker wrangler volunteers (Lacey)
- [x] Create a seagl.org address for Mateus (Salt)
- [ ] talk about what announcements need to occur and when (Salt, Programming, AX, Everyone)
- [ ] Put the meetings on the calendar (Salt)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Har...


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [x] approx 10/22 SeaGL theme (Ben)
- [ ] approx 10/26 Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - Or maybe we could post it during the event as a big announcement thing. Invite Stefano to show up and talk for a few minutes to say how excited OSI is
- [X] Social events (Deb, Ben)
- [X] Announcement that color suggestions poll will close on friday week before seagl, voting will open monday of seagl week (Ben)
- [ ] (probably post-event) SeaGL Archive site and videos (2021 and 2020) (Ben)
- [ ] Speakers and sponsor thank you
- [ ] please keep an eye out for links to add to the Social post (Deb and Monica to send to Ben)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- ~~Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1~~
- ~~Week Of~~ ~~Aug 30~~ ~~Sept 13 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers~~
- ~~September~~ ~~6~~ ~~(Monday)*: Notify Speakers~~
- ~~October 8~~ ~~1st~~ ~~September 20~~ ~~(Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]~~
- ~~October 15~~ ~~8~~th ~~September 27~~ ~~(Monday)*: Finalize Program~~
- Week of October 11 ~~4~~ ~~September 20~~: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- Week of October 18 ~~11~~ ~~September 27~~: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- Weeks of October 18 & October 25: Tech training for volunteers
- October 31-Nov 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL, and they work (in VLC)!
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- SeaGL!!! Friday and Saturday, November 5th & 6th

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming and Flow: N/A
- Outreach: Tuesday, November 2 @ ~~12~~17:00 PT
- Tech: Wednesday, November 3 @ 17:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Monday, November 1 @ 18:00 PT, after all-hands

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan: Feeling  tired but we're in the final countdown and we'll get there!
- Rachel: (had to drop)
- Andrew: Crunch time! Being strategic with every hour
- Lacey: Super impressed with everything the tech team has done. I've never seen a conference DIY and I appreciate working with y'all
- Ben: SeaGL's coming! It's a great community and a pleasure to be a part of it
- Salt: Glad we've cleared off pmost of the todos from the past meetings. Has some tech stress but the organizational work has done wonders
- Deb: The people are so awesome, which is why she helps run a Seattle conference from Cambridge. Happy to take overflow tasks if someone needs to offload
- Norm: Thanks, Hans for showing the process
- der.hans: Y'all are amazing. In the last couple of weeks I've been talking about life events and could say when they happened because of relation to SeaGL
- keith: Echoing how awesome everyone is. Excited and nervous for this week
- sntxrr: Sorry we give you anxiety, Lacey, we appreciate the help. Let's go team!
- Mateus: Great experience working with the community. Impressed with everything happening. Thank you and let's go with the final pieces!
- Josh:  We're gonna have a conference. It's gonna be great. You do a good job of appreciating each other. I can tell why people have been here for 9 years.

### Announcement BTW
- Former tech volunteer has managed to get online from Sudan where there's a coup. Salt says "thank you but stay safe." We're all sending her best wishes.


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


