<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2021-05-17 SeaGL 2021 bi-weekly all-hands
- May 17th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/32)
- [Shared Pad](https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan Handler, Salt, Keith, der.hans, Rachel, Deb, Andrew
- Apologies: Ben, Rhiannon
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Deb
- Note Taker next meeting: der.hans

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Keynote nominations: 12
- (keep brainstorming!)

### Previous meeting feedback
- many kudos
  - deb: yay new faces, yay committees, yay momentum
  - rhiannon: nothing to add
  - salt: yay all of the faces
  - alison: puppy! pre-occupied but pings are fine
  - nathan: feeling better, yay new volunteers, great to have new people with new takes/backgrounds
  - der.hans: great to have people from all over the planet! last year had 4 different continents on PR
  - mateus: glad to be part of community
  - ben: issue based meeting agenda has provided nice structure
  - christy: love getting to know everyone on the team, open to candid feedback
  - sNTxRr: really excited for 2nd year, may have secret tech volunteer

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails

## Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #4 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF (Salt and Deb)
  - in-progress
- [ ] #7 Document the new project management system (Salt)
  - no update
- [ ] #8 Finalize committee descriptions (Salt)
  - no update
- [ ] #9 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Finance, 1x Promotion/Outreach, 1x Partnerships, 2x Volunteers, 1x IDEA, 2x CoC
  - Everyone please keep an eye out, esp IDEA & CoC, thanks!
- [ ] #10 Set up asynchronous method to review feedback from last year (Salt)
  - Everyone see https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/10

### 4/19
- [x] #25 Start the conversation with the OSI about doing a 1-2 year fiscal sponsor relationship (Deb)
- [x] #26 Begin paperwork to move to OSI as a fiscal sponsor (Deb and Salt)
  - should have news on Friday, 5/21 after the OSI board meeting
- [x] #11 Create the process to pull down, transcribe, and archive 2020 videos (Don and Keith)
  - YouTube has transcribed a bunch of the videos, could we each do two and fix the existing subtitles?
  - Yes, we will try once Google account/Youtube account suff and instructions are sorted.
  - May require coordinating around account sharing; can we use an ACL or must share credentials?
- [x] #14 Take an initial pass on the 2021 timeline (Rachel and Nathan)
  - Done! 
  - This was done with https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Za_uEHQVXir3kHXFOVM3htwgmQ6YFJ0a1R1HP-dNYFs/edit#gid=0
  - The ticket was re-scoped to be about fleshing out the program timeline

### 5/3
- [x] #33 Copy over the old agenda norms to template (Salt)
  - Done, need to make sure to keep copying them forward by copying from raw, rather than the visible markdown
- [x] #34 Organize committee finance committee meeting to set next steps for FSF migration (der.hans)
  - Close for now, process is moving forward with temporary transition to OSI
  - will re-open later, for new org creation or if something happens with the OSI process
- [ ] #35 Talk to programming and partnerships about what to include in 2020 gift shipments (Salt)
  - Bubble packaging, stickers, etc. all ready... so close!
  - Need a short note, saying thanks, sorry it took so long, and maybe you want to do it again?
- [x] #31 Update Website to note we are 100% Virtual (Tech)
  - website updated, but draft blog post waiting for more reviewers
  - Draft post: https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/245
- [x] #37 Discuss who on the OSI board we should ask to be our sponsor (Salt and Deb)
- [x] #38 Connect with Alison about GH issues (Salt)
  - restriction on number of people assigned to an issue is because it's a private repo
  - we could make a different kind of repo?
  - instead, we'll keep the staff repo for anything sensitive, defaulting issues to the public organization repo
- [ ] #39 Prepare 2021 Sponsor Prospectus (Finance)
  - It's coming and will be out for review soon
- [x] #40 Add opinions via comment on [SeaGL/organization#59](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/59) by EoD Friday (Everyone)
  - listing end date for CfP still a bit of a problem
  - can we just have a coming soon and switch them out?
- [x] #41 Create issue for each committee to organize first meeting (Salt)
  - Please set up your committee's first organizing meeting if you haven't already!


## New Items
### Keynote Nominations (Nathan/Rachel)
  - We have 12 so far, anyone can nominate, including the general public.
  - Looking for experienced AND emerging keynoters, we especially welcome nominations of people from under-represented groups.
  - Please re-tweet and share the nomination link!

### OSEM Upgrade (Nathan/Rachel)
  - Upgrade this year? 
  - Andrew can't do this alone
  - Did we talk to Hager?
    - Yes, but we haven't had a Tech Team meeting
  - Let's call out on social media to look for help with Rails/OSEM

### Program Committee member / Google Group update (Nathan/Rachel)
  - we've been at speakers@ which doesn't make any sense
  - Rachel and Nathan are now using program@
  - lots of new reviewers, thanks Deb for forwarding many people
  - committee is feeling pretty solid
  - Starting to think about getting some other folks involved in Program committee so that it can be handed off someday down the road

### Career Expo (der.hans)
  - der.hans is doing this for another event and was wondering do we want to do this again at SeaGL?
  - YES.

### SeaGL Announce Mailinglist (Salt)
  - we should make sure to use this more than zero this year...
  - still should be very low traffic
  - Perhaps share with the SeaGL announce list, "save the date", "keynote nominations are open", "we're virtual this year", and "still need volunteer help, especially..."

### 5/17 - New TODOs
- [ ] #11 Send instructions for everyone to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
- [ ] #14 Add 2021 timeline to pad, ask for addition in GH issue (Salt)
- [ ] Review [draft of virtual announcement blog post](https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/245) and LGTM (Rachel and Ben)
- [ ] Add the note that "Meeting minute notes are public by default. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc." (Salt)
- [ ] Migrate public issues from staff repo to org repo (Salt)
- [ ] Finalize and send [2021 ads](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/59) to Linux Magazine (Ben)
- [ ] #41 All committees have had their first meeting, and figured out whether a regularly scheduled one makes sense (Chairs)
- [x] Add Ben Cotton to the announce list moderators list (Salt)
- [x] Add a box for Fediverse contact on the keynote nomination form (in addition to existing Twitter) (Rachel)
- [ ] Share/retweet keynote nomination link (Everyone)
- [ ] Reach out to James Mason who is a LFNW person and OSEM maintainer (Andrew)
- [ ] Put out a call for more tech volunteers, especially for OSEM/Rails on social media (Outreach)
- [ ] Start planning and announcing the 2021 career expo (der.hans)
- [ ] Write email to SeaGL announce list that includes: "save the date", "keynote nominations are open", "we're virtual this year", and "still need volunteer help, especially..." (Outreach)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->

### Timeline
- November 5-6: SeaGL 2021

### Next Meeting
- Monday, May 31 @ 5pm PT (memorial day)
- Catch up meeting on Wednesday on June 2nd, at 8pm
  - Deb will facilitate for folks that can't make Monday's meeting

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- keith: great meeting, hope to be more around in next couple of weeks
- andrew: seems to be a good meeting format, issue emails are a bit noisy (keith has offered help for anyone having this issue)
- deb: great to see everyone, like going through tickets, combing issues beforehand to expedite
- norm: new to all of this, interest, will need to not use tablet for meetings
- der.hans: good meeting, look forward to catching up
- rachel: still receiving benefit of rules without them being as strict, meetings running much more smoothly
- salt: thanks, want to work on integrating the issues a bit, would like to hear from people we haven't heard from for a while


## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):
    #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
    javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


