<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-10-11 SeaGL 2021 weekly all-hands (T-4)
- October 11th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/192)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: der.hans, nhandler, Dorian, Salt, Don/sntxrr, Ben, Norm
- Apologies: Deb, Andrew, Keith
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): der.hans
- Note Taker next meeting: Ben
- Note Taker penultimate meeting: Don/sntxrr

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Remaining meetings: **3**
- Sponsors: 11 --> 9
- Committee budgets: 2 --> 5
- Confirmed Talks: 39
- Talk Proposals: 46
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote nominations: 38

### Previous meeting feedback
- This year is feeling less stressful, more organized
- Excited about all of the work going on


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 1x Partnerships, 2x IDEA
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - have shipping labels, was out of town this weekend and PO closed today, but this week!

### 5/17
- [ ] #122 Send instructions for staff@ to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
- [x] #69 Put out a call for more volunteers (Lacey)
  - https://seagl.org/news/2021/10/05/volunteers-2021.html

### 7/12
- [x] #138 request ubuntu community fund sponsorship for live graphical notes (Nathan)
  - request was submitted and approved
  - next steps is to send them information to process a money transfer
  - they'll need to fill out the sponsorship interest form, where we'll get the proper logo and such
  - [ ] connect ubuntu community fund and OSI for account details (Finance)
- [x] #139 all committees submit budget requests for 2021 (committee chairs)
  - still looking for: Finance, Partnerships, Volunteers, IDEA, CoC
  - none of these will likely need a budget before the conference
    - volunteers might (maybe gift them lunch vouchers)
  - partnerships and IDEA will likely have mid-year costs
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming OSI incubator project (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - to include background about previous fiscal sponsors and future vision of seagl org

### 7/26
- [ ] #148 plan geeky fashion show (Attendee Experience)
  - time slot: ??
  - Salt will connect with committee for update

### 8/23
- [ ] #154 name SeaGL colors via community poll (Outreach)
  - Suggestions form: https://forms.gle/6qSQHC2HodwhDbTQ7
  - Suggestions poll will close on friday week before seagl, voting will open monday of seagl week
  - [ ] update poll with nameless color images (Salt)

### 9/13
- [x] ask OSI whether they want a "booth" at seagl (Deb)

### 9/20
- [x] connect with Lacey to print labels for 2020 swag (Salt)
- [ ] reach out DevOps Games about running games on Saturday (Rachel)

### 9/27
- [ ] respond to FSF about booth (der.hans)
- [x] create Github issue for brainstorming digital gifts to speakers (der.hans)
  - [ ] #188 brainstorm 2021 speaker gifts (Everyone)

### 10/04
- [ ] Blog post to announce that SeaGL is part of OSI (Deb, Salt, Ben)
  - think this is the same as #137
  - they may want a brief one to re-publish pre-conference
  - der.hans: would be nice to do as press announcement at conference
  - [ ] carve out calendar time to talk to deb and ben for first draft of OSI announcement (Salt)
- [x] send call for volunteers blog post tomorrow (Lacey)
- [ ] email with shareable link to seagl2021, ambassador, etc (Ben)
  - Ben will send them tomorrow
- [x] discuss theme in this week's meeting (Outreach)
  - [ ] update ~~fb event~~, website, etc with theme text (Salt)
- [ ] add $150 budget request for tea from AX (Finance)
  - approved in finance mtg last week
  - der.hans will create GH ticket for this
- [ ] #148 nail down details around geeky fashion show (Attendee Experience)
  - combined details into 7/26 issue above
- [ ] draft announcement that color suggestions poll will close on friday week before seagl, voting will open monday of seagl week (Outreach)
  - part of #154
- [x] put response to FSF in pad and share to seagl2021 (der.hans)
- [x] #190 Draft Social/Blog post about new CoC then request for feedback/comment (Outreach, Ben)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/285
  - soft date of 10/12, by end of week 10/15 for hard date
- [x] loop deb and finance into OSI sponsorship link conversation (Salt)
  - had good call, ironed out details, ready to send to sponsors


## New Items

<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### Program Updates (Nathan)
#### Graphical Recording
- we have sponsorship from Ubuntu Community Fund
- probably also includes costs for the keynotes
- will work on Canonical fill out sponsorship rqst form or follow through to take care of it
- graphical recording people might have a form and some physical items to ship
- they can make graphics live or after the fact

#### Schedule
- meeting tomorrow, might be able to work out schedule then
- once set, they can start sending to speakers
- some speakers might start promoting their talks
- Cory Doctorow will be closing keynote

### 10/11 - New TODOs
- [ ] connect ubuntu community fund and OSI for account details (Finance)
- [ ] updated poll with nameless color images (Salt)
- [ ] #188 brainstorm 2021 speaker gifts (Everyone)
- [ ] carve out calendar time to talk to deb and ben for first draft of OSI announcement (Salt)
- [ ] update ~~fb event~~, website, etc with theme text (Salt)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- encouraging everyone to use matrix
- speakers will be on streamyard
- for career expo will continue using jitsi or bbb
- sntxrr happy to extend support to help with career expo
- dorian is planning on working through documentation regarding the matrix experience


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] Final Program (Rachel, Nathan)
- [ ] SeaGL Archive site and videos (Ben)
- [x] Request for Volunteers (Lacey)
- [ ] Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt, Deb, Ben)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- ~~Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1~~
- ~~Week Of~~ ~~Aug 30~~ ~~Sept 13 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers~~
- ~~September~~ ~~6~~ ~~(Monday)*: Notify Speakers~~
- Week of October 4 ~~September 20~~: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
  - ran through speaker side, not participant
  - will at wednesday meeting (how things flow, decisions)
  - Next week (participant focus first, split up tracks, email) Documentation
- Week of October 8 ~~September 27~~: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ~~October 1st~~ ~~September 20~~ ~~(Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]~~
- October 8th ~~September 27~~ (Monday)*: Finalize Program
- Weeks of October 18 & October 25: Tech training for volunteers
- October 31-Nov 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL, and they work (in VLC)!
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular weekly all-hands: Monday, October 18 @ 5pm PT
  - Remember, _weekly_ meetings until the conference!

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming and Flow: Tuesday, October 12 @ 17:00 PT
- Outreach: Tuesday, October 12 @ 12:00 PT
- Tech: Wednesday, October 13 @ 17:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Monday, October 11 @ 18:00 PT, after all-hands

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- der.hans: yay Lucy is back! we're getting stuff done, short meeting is good
- nhandler: (had to leave early)
- Dorian: exciting to see lots of checks on boxes
- Salt: excited to see checks on boxes, see everything that's going on
- Don/sntxrr: can't believe we're so close, super-excited to watch talks and not have to be human OBS
- Ben: loving this 42 min mtg (best number of minutes), crunchtime for outreach, should start writing talk
- Norm: happy about shorter mtg especially w/ back to back to finance, work w/ Hans  this week


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->



