# 17 Aug 2021 Promotion & Outreach Committee meeting 

Present: Ben, Salt, Mateus

Regrets: 

Notes: https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_outreach 

## Agenda 

* Linux Magazine newsletter ads ([#60](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/60))
    * Basically the same as we put on the website, but with sizes adjusted for the formal
    * ACTION: Mateus to send them to LinuxMag

* Linux Magazine print ads ([#61](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/61)) 
    * Materials due  Friday, Sept 10
    * 3 keynotes confirmed. We should have the rest in time to update for this issue

* Style guide ([#132](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/132)) 
    * ACTION: mateus to put Style Guide into the website system by next meeting
    * Salt: we could put polls on the social accounts where people could vote on color names ([#154](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/154))
        * 2 weeks of open form submissions
        * Make a poll among the top suggestions using star.vote

* Press kit
    * Published to the [website](https://seagl.org/press) but not linked yet.
    * ACTION: ben to add it to next meeting's agenda


* Making the announce mailing list more prominent
    * This came up in IRC on Monday. link for the announce mailing list is way down at the bottom of the page. We should make it more prominent
    * Salt: let's talk to Andrew about that ( ben will start that conversation)


* [Other open tickets](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AOutreach) 
    * Call for volunteers
        * Tech team is meeting next week
         * Mateus: might be good to create some artwork for social media callouts
* Idea: sticker packs for 
    * Signal: https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/360031836512-Stickers 
    * Telegram? 
    * Matrix 
    * looks like these can be comissioned for ~$200, Salt talked to Finance and thinks its worth spending on rather than trying to get a sponsor. Hans thinks the best method would be for the Outreach committee to follow an "official" process to request funds for this.
       * The official process doesn't exist. Salt's general unwritten process:
           1. Open an issue (default to public, but private if necessary)
           2. Assign to Hans or all of Finance
           3. Include in the request the amount, reference links, etc.
       * ACTION: Ben to open this issue

    
* Posters/handbills for Seattle area coffee shops/libraries/etc ([#151](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/151))
    - Salt has a local print shop he likes to use

* Ada's offer to co-host FB event (Salt)
    * Ada's Technical Books has been our bookseller. They're offering to co-host a Facebook event. Salt to make the connection with Outreach and Partnerships. They'll be a media sponsor.


* 2020 speaker direct outreach (Salt)
    * About the videos and also the speaker gifts. It would be nice to email each of  them to confirm
        1. Where their video is
        2. Speaker gift status
        3. Shipping address is still okay
        4. CfP is still open (if we have time)
        5. Announce keynotes
    * ACTION: ben to draft email
    * ACTION: ben to check with Nathan and Rachel about final keynote confirmations

## Reminders 

* Next all-hands: 23 August at 1700 Pacific 
* Next Outreach meeting: 31 August at 1200 Pacific
