<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->

# 2021-03-08 SeaGL 2021 Kickoff
- March 8th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- Jitsi URL: https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL-2021-03-08

## SeaGL 2020 Wrapup TODOs
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/projects/1

## Minutes from SeaGL 2020 retrospective meetings
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20201123-retrospective-1.md
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2020/20201130-retrospective-2.md

## Attendees
- Current: Deb, keith, Andrew, Ben, Nathan, Jeff, Salt, Rachel, Alison, Sri, sntxrr/Don
- Apologies: Lucy, Romeo

<!-- Check-in round -->

## Primary note takers
- Ben

<!--
- One minute silence, check thoughts and notes/tasks/emails to surface any tensions, add to agenda if appropriate
- Confirm agenda order, adjust for anyone who needs to leave early
### TOPIC TEMPLATE (LEADER) <!-- Timebox: XX minutes (until hh:mm) -->
<!-- -->

## Agenda

### full-remote or hybrid
- [Jeff] I think we should leave it TBD - too many unknowns now.  With the variants popping up, the vaccines might become ineffective.  We have no way to know now.
- [nathan] You made a comment that regardless of what we do, we're going to support virtual in some capacity. So there's a risk of an all-virtual lineup, which would make it weird for attendees. It could make it interesting on the staff side, too. I'd be in favor of all-virtual or delaying the decision
- [Rachel] We're going to be in touch with speakers before most others and they will have these questions. I'm in favor of fully virtual however if vaccines are widely available by June so maybe we can delay until then. A hybrid mode will be very challenging.
- [Alison] If we split into two different days, one virtual, one in-person, that might be a way to combat the fears of three volunteers sitting in a room by themselves.
- [Deb] There are some folks in our community that will want others to be vaccinated in addition to themselves, so they'll probably lag the mainstream in their decision to attend in person. Since we have the infra and know how to run a virtual conference, we should.
- [Ben] I don't expect to be able to do any work-funded travel until 2022 and that may be the case for others, too.
- [Keith] It may make sense to default to fully-virtual with the option to open things up if conditions warrant. I would love to have something in person for those who can make it, but to Deb's point: is it *fair* and *inclusive*?
- [Jeff] Perhaps it would be sufficient for this meeting to figure out when our deadline is to make the decision.
- [Alison] How tied are we to the date? Becasue the further we get into the winter, we run the risk of things morphing or another winter surge.

#### Take Aways
- plan for virtual, delay decision for at least a couple of meetings
- consider risk of all-virtual lineup for attendees
- could split across two different days
- some people will wait longer than others before attending things
- some work funded travel unavailable until at least 2022
- [ ] decide when the deadline to decide by is

### potential dates
- [Salt] We've always tried the last two weeks of October and first two weeks of November. What else do we know is on the calendar?
- [Nathan] A lot of the events I follow don't have an announcement yet
- [Deb] LF is doing their thing Sep 29-Oct 1 (and is a hybrid event). KubeCon is Oct 12-15 
- [Nathan] All Things Open: October 17-19, 2021
- [Salt] GeekBeacon is Oct 15-17
- [Deb] Veterans Day is the 11th so the school may be closed on the 12th
- [Salt] DST ends Nov 7
- [Alison] Labor Day - Sept 6
- [Rachel] Diwali is Nov 4
- [Deb] LISA is early this year (June), so it won't conflict this year like it has in the past
- [Jeff]The last important Jewish holiday is Sept 29 and it is not very important.
- Actually, we SHOULD announce it so that nobody plans their wedding that day,

#### Take Aways
- AGREED: November 5-6 is our soft date that we won't announce publicly yet
- [ ] begin drafting announcement post so that people save the date
- [ ] finalize decision as group via asyncronous method

###  task tracking tools
- Salt hasn't had a chance to look at it in detail, but it looks like GitHub is going to be the best thing because we're already on it. Will have a main repo for tasks and a Kanban board. Over the course of the organization part, we'll move more and more to it. The idea is that everyone can see what is and is not moving. Then we can do stuff in a more async fashion. Then instead of doing an Etherpad, we can screenshare the Kanban board.

#### Take Aways
- we will be doing something similar to what is described at https://github.com/features/project-management/
- [ ] document the new system, decide on onboarding steps, put into play slowly, eventually use it to run meetings

### committee structure
- pad from last year outlining some good info https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs
- however, some of this isn't very clear yet, and some of the committees were wonky
- [Deb] since we aren't in person rename onsite to attendee experience ?
- [Nathan] you've used the term "committee", but a lot of them came down to the chair doing all the work. Pushing for co-chairs for some of the businer areas as well as actual committees will help
- [Deb] I know we don't want to "too decouple" the spending and raising of money, but the spending of money is pretty tiny and that might be something that's a different skill set than reaching out for donations. Those seem like a funny match.
- [Rachel] How can we support Lucy and make sure she has the help she needs with volunteers? The vibe I got was having a primary person to assist, not necessarily to take over.

#### Take Aways
- onsite needs to be renamed
- make sure sections at least have co-chairs, try for actual committees
- consider separating fundraising and the person who approves spending
- support Lucy's lower availability, but don't necessarily replace
- [ ] salt to present proposed structure at next meeting

### reviewing feedback from last year's event.
- No time in this meeting. Should we have an explicit meeting or should it be homework before a specific meeting?
- [Keith] Let's do this asynch. This might be a good use for GitHub, we can collect the feedback into groups and provide input
- [Rachel] We did it synchronously last year and it was productive, but I'd prefer asynch. We just have to make sure we do it.

#### Take Aways
- [ ] set this up for asynchronous review, probably using github projects
- [ ] include reminder in email and duedate


### regular meeting time
- Monday at 5pm sounds very familiar. 
- [Jeff] There's a selection bias to this. Do we have a mailing list or something?

#### Action items
- [ ] Salt to send a message to list verifying 5pm PT Mondays is the meeting time, ask for strong can't make its

### Videos
- [Salt] Romeo finished rendering the videos. They're all [privately] on YouTube. The plan was to try a few transcription services and see which was best and then upload to archive.org before we post them out. As of a couple of days ago, all of Romeo's infra is gone. We no longer have the originals of any videos. The plan: Keith provided a list of service, Salt is going to pay for a trial for several of them and see which does the best. The overall cost looks reasonable.

#### Take Aways
- we no longer have original copies of talks but we do have all of them rendered and on youtube
- we are going to download, transcribe, then upload to archive.org before announcing
- [ ] work on https://github.com/SeaGL/tech/issues/18 issue regarding Transcription
- [ ] reach out to romeo with seagl support

### Speaker Swag
- Thank you Andrew for helping Salt move so many boxes! Salt is trying to get LFNW ones up to Bellingham, but they're not being super responsive. And he needs to ship a whole bunch more out. FSF thanks us immensely for their batch. Salt has the list of addresses and needs to start processing through them. Keith will help.
- [Alison] If we decide to go virtual again, would it make sense to not have something branded so we can drop ship it to people?
- [Keith] That's a great idea. There are also options to drop ship labeled stuff. It might cut down on the uniqeness, but it makes it a lot easier. It would be nice to have this conversation before the summer so the swag can arrive by the conference.
- [Alison] I can help with this too - I used to run point on swag selection for Indeed open source

#### Take Aways
- schwag is at Salt's and needs to get shipped
- in the future, let's try to ship direct
- alison would like to help with shwag
- [ ] open/find github issue to track this

### Blog Posts
- Rachel: Can I get a volunteer to help me craft my email from end-of-conference into a public blog post?  Like a 15-30m meeting. TIA!
    - [Nathan] Sure :) thx nathan! <3
- Videos, at some point
- Speakers, check your mail boxes!
- See the email for list of 2020 close-outs, includes more things, including many blog posts

---

## Upcoming Blog/Social Posts
<!-- PLEASE INCLUDE: post title/purpose/whatever, draft by/post on dates, primary author(s), people who would like to review -->

## Timeline
- 22 March @ 5pm PT, unless there's a great deal of "this time doesn't work!" in response to Salt's email. Salt will share the structure he imagines and the tentative people in that to discuss.
    - [Alison] Do we have a list of roles and people who would be interested in them?
    - [Salt] I'd hoped to have it for this meeting, but I didn't, so we'll have that for the next. The chart we had last year wasn't bad, but it had some oddities.
    - [Jeff] I would like to volunteer to do financials.

## Next Meetings
- Monday, March 22 @ 5pm PT
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/SeaGL_2021.03.22

---

<!-- Open Discussion? ~5 min. (if time) -->
- 

## Meeting evaluation / feedback / suggestions / appreciations / goodbyes a bientot round
- should only have chat in one place
- osem IS ALIVE, lots of PRs merged
- excited to start EARLY planning (esp tech)


<!-- Meeting adjourned! -->
<!-- Capture TODOs -->
<!-- Clean up meeting notes, then add to GitHub -->
<!-- Prepare pad for next meeting:
    (A) create new etherpad by changing address to next meeting date
    (B) copy content from this pad into new one
    (C) clear authorship colors
    (D) replace previous last week attendees with new
    (E) replace previous metrics with new
    (F) replace previous meeting eval notes with new
    (G) clear discussion notes, bundle TODOs together under relevant section
    (H) update next meetings date and agenda link
    (I) update link in calendar
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):
    #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
    javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
    - "^" approve, extend the timebox
    - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
    - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitatory makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
    - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
    - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
    - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
    -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
    - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->

