# 22 Jun 2021 Promotion & Outreach Committee meeting

Present: Ben, Mateus, Salt

Regrets:

Notes: https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_outreach

## Agenda

* Linux Magazine ads ([#59â€”website ads](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/59))
    * Mateus exported the pngs
    * Ben to send to Linux Mag
    * Up next: newsletter ads
* Volunteer callout ([#69](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/69))
    * ACTION: ben to draft a blog post and share with team
* Email to announce list ([#71](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/71))
    * Waiting for CfP to officially open
* [Other open tickets](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AOutreach)
* Social/blog for Freenode->Libera switch
    * ACTION: ben to draft a blog post
* Press kits?
    * Let's look at what other conferences do
    * Include images in a few formats, blurb, colors, etc.
    * Both for others who want to write about us and us to write about ourselves
    * Mateus: we could use the style guide, which isn't finished ([#132](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/132))
    * For next Outreach meeting: let's look at other conferences and figure what we want to do
* Print ads
    * Mateus doesn't have a lot of experience exporting to the right format, so we'll all pitch in to check his work when he's done.

## Reminders

* Next all-hands: 28 June at 1700 Pacific
* Next Outreach meeting: 6 July at 1200 Pacific

