<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-07-26 SeaGL 2021 bi-weekly all-hands
- July 26th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/135)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: der.hans, Salt, Andrew, Don/sntxrr, Ben, Norm, Nathan, Rachel, Elior
- Apologies: Keith, Deb
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Rachel
- Note Taker next meeting: Don

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Keynote nominations: 38
- Confirmed Keynotes: 0
- Talk Proposals: 3 --> 9
- Committee budgets: 0 --> 0
- Sponsors: 2 --> 2

### Previous meeting feedback
- Ending with enough time for open discussion was nice
- Lots of progress being made!
- Lots of help from lots of folks!
- More to think about regarding increasing activity on IRC/blog


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #75 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF (Salt and Deb)
  - still in progress
- [ ] #78 Document the new project management system (Salt)
- [ ] #79 Finalize committee descriptions (Salt)
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 2x Volunteers, 1x IDEA, 2x CoC
- [ ] #82 Publish 2020 videos (Tech)
  - scripted upload meant they were automatically hidden.
  - Salt has been working with Internet Archive to make them visible.
  - with >50 videos, we'll have our own category in IA which will enable easier management
  - Salt will loop Don back in on these conversations.
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)

### 5/17
- [ ] #122 Send instructions for staff@ to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
  - Process settled, need to write up instructions (thx Don)
- [ ] #112 All committees have had their first meeting, and figured out whether a regularly scheduled one makes sense (Chairs)
  - Programming, Finance, Outreach, SRE/Technical have all had meetings
  - Partnerships has somewhat had meetings by not being fully split from Finance
  - Attendee Experience, Volunteers, IDEA, and CoC still haven't afaik
  - Volunteers and Code of Conduct need chairs, IDEA and Partnerships need co-chairs
- [ ] #69 Put out a call for more tech volunteers, especially for OSEM/Rails on social media (Outreach)
  - really need second _experienced_ Rails person (particularly w/r/t deployment)
  - Sri is reaching out to a friend who has worked previously on OSEM

### 5/31
- [ ] #123 Clean-up email ratsnest (Salt, Tech)
  - there is now a partnership@ email, and all groups have pluralization emails (i.e. partner/s@)
- [ ] #124 Close out 2020, that list in the corner we never look at...
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/projects/1
- [ ] #130 select 2021 theme (Everyone)

### 6/14
- [ ] notify anyone looking to hold a "sponsored track" that they need to have one person volunteer for the conference beforehand, attending the all-hands regularly (Everyone)
  - we want to put minimal effort into this at this point, it's open if someone wants to approach us
  - deadline, at latest, is when we start forming the schedule
  - test-run of this is somewhat being done with a lightning track slot by Alison and Sri

### 6/28
- [ ] Send any similar suggestions of artists who illustrate conference talks to Nathan (everyone)
  - David Revoy has done art for social events at at least a couple conferences

### 7/12
- [ ] post prospectus to web site (der.hans)
  - [x] create short description of what virtual SeaGL is for the bottom of the prospectus (der.hans, Salt)
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/14lR5GuMzsFO6BR7_5uwm7u44xeFUYOmxNie9UOp01E8/edit#heading=h.3yeirzwne22u
  - Would be nice to have at least 2 more people to review
- [ ] setup attend.seagl.org for CFP office hours (Andrew)
  - https://seagl.org/chat offers web IRC, with future plans to include more info explaining how we use Matrix, how to get started
  - Need anything else to support office hours? No response, assuming no.
  - Actually we want something not just for office hours, but a unified entry point to be used for both the virtual conference and year-round communication
- [x] get Salt InternetArchive credentials to figure out why videos are visible (sntxrr)
- [x] vote for keynotes, https://civs1.civs.us/cgi-bin/opt_in.pl (everyone)
- [ ] talk to Monica about sponsorship for live graphical notes (der.hans)
  - Monica has connections to the ubuntu community fund, which may be an option for sponsoring these
- [x] add speaker gifts as an add-on (der.hans)
- [ ] all committees submit budget requests for 2021 (committee chairs)
  - sre/tech: $33.39 per month for AWS bills
- [ ] write post about becoming incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)
- [ ] review site and public documentation for fiscal sponsor updates (der.hans)


## New Items

### CFP Publicity (Nathan)
- little worried about number of submissions
- currently 9 talks
- Please reach out to your network for talk submissions
- Ben has been tweeting about it!  TY Ben!
- Lots of folks have good ideas :)
- A meta-talk about how we put this on?  YES YES
- Salt will do the IRC announce - thank you Salt!

### Graphical Notes $$$ (Nathan)
- Email to seagl2021@ about Minds Eye Creative.
- Easy to do for one day, one track, but we are likely to have more talks than that.  So - how to choose?
  - All keynotes?
  - MEC suggested a default setting, which is low (like one track two days or something), and then a potential higher rate of note-taken talks if we get some level of sponsorship.
- They can also create notes on pre-recorded talks out of band of the conf itself
- Graphical notes was added to sponsorship as a line-item - $3000 per track
- What is licensing on this?  We can broadcast it live.  For drawings thereafter, they will send us a video file.
  - We may need more info on licensing of art itself.  We know they need name/logo of MEC on each sheet.  They will want to use their own material in future marketing.
  - Speaker will need to approve later usage
- Is this the add-on you mean? Sponsor Prospectus Add-on - Live Transcriptions ( per track ):  $3,000

### Etherpad Retention? (Nathan)
- Should be better now, per Don!  Our stuff is now DB-backed.

### Fashion Show (Hans)
- akin to teagl last year
- geek mask fashion show
- creative people in community

### 7/26 - New TODOs
- [ ] contact Women in Linux regarding last year's agreement (Sri, Ben)
- [ ] loop Don in on conversations with Internet Archive (Salt)
- [ ] reach out to friend who worked on OSEM (Sri)
- [ ] review short description of virtual SeaGL at bottom of sponsor prospectus (Everyone)
- [ ] decide on url attending seagl and using the rest of the year (Everyone)
  - goto
  - enter
  - participate
  - attend
  - join
  - remote
  - virtual
  - public
  - open
  - meet
  - flock
  - flox
- [ ] update attend.seagl.org to point to seagl.org/chat, or whatever we decide should be the canonical name (Andrew)
- [ ] ping various IRC channels about open CFP (Salt)
- [ ] respond to Minds Eye Creative with two plans, one for keynotes only, one for whole conference, include ask about CC BY-SA (Nathan)
- [ ] start brainstorming how and when a geeky fashion show would take place (Everyone)
- [ ] get CFP office hours plan together (Salt)
- [ ] reach out to Jupiter Broadcasting about CFP, SeaGL in general, and giving a talk (Salt, Partnerships)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)

### cfp office hours?
- we were talking about pairing it with some content about prepping talk, but stalled out
- problem is more than attending, it is getting people to come to them
- cfp will probably be extending at least a week
- could format change help? Like YouTube live/Twitch?
- open to idea, since been hard to attract people
- podcast-esq, conversation is happening to hold empty space, here to answer questions
- having topic each time, but here live to answer questions
- jitsi has raise hand button, can also be watching irc
- typically want program committee folks present, but can open up especially for more discussion based
- if we want this, have to start TODAY

### hans has been listening to self-hosted (jupiter podcast)
- strong supporters of lfnw, why not seagl? :P
- can we ask him to do talk about linux rv stuff


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [x] CFP Opens
- [x] Program Committee Code of Practice
- [ ] CFP Reminder/Call for Specific Talks
- [ ] CFP Closes
- [ ] CFP Notifications
  - Nathan: Did we actually blog about this in the past?
- [ ] Final Program
- [ ] Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- August 5 (Thursday)*: CFP closes
- Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1
- Week Of Aug 30 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers
- September 6 (Monday)*: Notify Speakers
- September 19 (Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- September 26 (Monday)*: Finalize Program
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular bi-weekly all-hands: Monday, August 9 @ 5pm PT
- Programming and Flow: Tuesday, August 2 @ 17:00 PT (Off weeks from All-Hands Meetings)
- Outreach: Tuesday, August 3 @ 12:00 PT (Off weeks from All-Hands Meetings)
- Tech: Wednesday, August 4 @ 17:00 PT (Off weeks from All-Hands Meetings)
- Finance and Partnerships: Thursday, August 5 @ 16:00 PT (Off weeks from All-Hands Meetings)

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- der.hans: definitely pro office hours
- Salt: having everyone here keeps me going, ty rachel for notetaking
- Andrew: if you're not in matrix or bridged rooms, please join so we can ping and have ongoing conversations
- Don/sntxrr: really excited to move tech forward, going to commit to giving talk about tech next year, going to broadcast cfp to networks
- Ben: good to see everyone, looking forward to seeing talks that come in, may submit talk... maybe
- Norm: Cool to see how it's all put together, will try to keep helping :)
- Nathan: Looking forward to being beyond the CFP.  Next part is fun!
- Rachel: feeling better, nice to see what everyone else is doing, helps outside of just seagl, GET TALKS IN
- Elior: Found us!!  Thanks for coming Elior!


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


