<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-09-13 SeaGL 2021 weekly all-hands (T-8)
- September 13th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/158)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Salt, Nathan, Andrew, der.hans, Lacey, Ben, Don/sntxrr, Dorian
- Apologies: Rachel, Deb, Keith, Norm
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Nathan
- Note Taker next meeting: Ben

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Remaining meetings: 7
- Talk Proposals: 44 --> 46
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote nominations: 38
- Committee budgets: 0 --> 
- Sponsors: 3 --> 6

### Previous meeting feedback
- Everyone was very excited about new website pages and tech update!
- Everyone was very excited about Lacey joining!


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #75 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF (Salt and Deb)
  - Still working on it. Ping went out today.
  - Storage units are all rented out right now due to the pandemic. Way forward is likely having FSF pre-pay for a year (before we move money).
  - Contract is with FSF, transferring it is challenging
- [ ] #78 Document the new project management system (Salt)
  - No new progress
- [ ] #79 Finalize committee descriptions (Salt)
  - No progress
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 1x Volunteers, 1x IDEA, 2x CoC
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - Shipped off first batch today
  - Have a price point and it looks like everything will work out
  - Lacey offered some hands to help
  - Looking at label printing options
  - Hope to get to it by this week

### 5/17
- [ ] #122 Send instructions for staff@ to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
  - No word from Keith
- [ ] #112 All committees have had their first meeting, and figured out whether a regularly scheduled one makes sense (Chairs)
  - Deb scheduling meeting early next week.
  - All other committees with chairs have had meetings
- [ ] #69 Put out a call for more volunteers, especially for Volunteer Lead and OSEM/Rails developer (Outreach)
  - Lacey is taking on Ben's original draft, waiting to hear what peoples' needs are
  - Draft is more general (written before most committees had had meetings/knew what they wanted)
  - Needs to chat with Tech
  - Salt will help open any needed comms channels

### 5/31
- [ ] #123 Clean-up email ratsnest (Salt, Tech)
  - No progress
- [ ] #124 Close out 2020, that list in the corner we never look at...
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/projects/1
  - Waiting until videos up and swag shipped
  - Lacey has closed a lot of stuff
- [ ] #130 select 2021 theme (Everyone)
  - Salt needs to send email with poll, will do it today

### 7/12
- [ ] #138 talk to Monica about ubuntu community fund sponsorship for live graphical notes (nathan)
  - Nathan will fill out Ubuntu community fund form in ~1 week once we know how many talks
  - Still need sponsor, as most of the new sponsors were in-kind
- [ ] #139 all committees submit budget requests for 2021 (committee chairs)
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)
- [ ] #140 review site and public documentation for fiscal sponsor updates (der.hans)
  - Still needs to do this.
  - Lacey identified areas needing updating (and Ben as well)
  - Andrew handled re-arranging sponsors, Lacey just closed the issue

### 7/26
- [ ] #143 reach out to friend who worked on OSEM (Sri)
  - No word
- [ ] #148 start brainstorming how and when a geeky fashion show would take place (Everyone)
  - Deb posted something
  - Needs more suggestions

### 8/09
- [x] announcement about 2020 videos (Outreach)
  - Social media posts and speaker notifications
  - Ben was going to do small blog post along with Andrew's archive site (~1-2 paragraphs)
  - Publishing a few per day, so will run until early October
- [ ] add language about release license to talk acceptance (Programming)
  - CC BY-SA (or CC BY)
  - will add to templates (Nathan)
- [ ] announcement about 2021 keynotes (Outreach)
  - Marie Nordin, Christine & Morgan Lemmer-Webber, Elana Hashman, and Cory Doctorow
  - Ben will Blog
  - Wanted to know if Program has talk details for all of them
  - Plan on getting these as part of Video Interview work

### 8/23
- [ ] gather 2020 volunteer emails from Lucy, send to Lacey (hans)
  - Hans and Rachel sent some of these to Lacey
  - Lacey found some docs in a repo
  - Nathan asked about enabling Google Group Archives
    - Not a priority, but no reason we can't
- [ ] take on and contact one or more sponsors (Everyone)
  - add your name to the sheet and cc sponsors@seagl.org when taking somewhere on
  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AZx2F2zmOQD-lfBdHj9YWNqvndj8lShrXjrbS43-8Es/edit
  - Still open and still seeking sponsors
  - New issue filed about logos appearing very large, would be good to link duplicate issues in some way re: this
- [x] review and provide feedback on the press kit (Everyone)
  - https://seagl.org/press
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/27
  - Direct request for jpg version
    - Easy enough for us to go from png->jpg, but no reason to include in kit (we should do the right thing on our side)
- [x] review and provide feedback on the meet landing page (Everyone)
  - https://seagl.org/meet
- [ ] submit name suggestions for seagl colors (Everyone)
  - https://forms.gle/6qSQHC2HodwhDbTQ7
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/154
  - No specific date for closing poll and starting voting
  - Roughly saying October 1
  - Announce winners at start of conference


## New Items
### #164 request for help: update 2021 FAQ (Lacey)
- Found docs for moderation / tech chat
- We have some changes to chat for this year, so docs will need updates (needs guidance from Tech)
- 2 weeks out we should have final tech bits locked in

### Welcome Dorian
- met with Hans earlier
- help out with documentation and ??

### Tabling at OSS (Salt)
- need more tablers at OSS, 9/27-30, ~9am-5:30pm, Hyatt Regency in Seattle
- Have a registration code, need more tablers
- Salt will pick-up tablecloth from storage unit
- Need to design handouts to be printed
- In person event, so need local folks
- Sri coming up to help
- Lacey possibly interested, but nervous about in-person
- FSF has a CFH for their physical booth

### Program Update (Nathan)
- couple of late cfp submissions, decided to accept as they came in before reviewing was finalized
- numbers were a bit down this year, first time speakers ~6%, diversity ~42%
- (remove from notes) first pass reviews ~26 accepted, ~6 likely accepted, accepting multiple talks from some speakers
- programming committee meeting tomorrow, notifications sometime this week, then the wait for confirmations
- late sept/early oct for final program
- still unsure about 1 track vs 2/3, probably leaning towards 2
- social bits that need scheduling need to be communicated asap, when, how long, but not fine grain details

### 9/13 - New TODOs
- [x] send email with poll for 2021 theme (Salt)
- [ ] get conference tabling gear from storage before OSS (Salt)
- [ ] design handbill four-to-a-page handouts for OSS (Outreach)
- [ ] print handbill four-to-a-page handouts for OSS (Salt)
- [ ] ask OSI whether they want a "booth" at seagl (Salt)
- [ ] reach out to SCC about how we can thank them (Salt)
- [ ] talk to Deb about fsf as a non-profit sponsor (Salt)

## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- nathan: shoutout to ben (rachel too), really stepping up for outreach
- salt: request for booth from FSF
  - Partners/Sponsors tentatively ok (but haven't extended offer yet)
  - They asked if this is in person
  - Previously have given Platinum to Seattle Central and our Fiscal Sponsor
    - Should do so for Fiscal Sponsor
    - Should do something for school, as they've been supportive in past (and future?)
  - Should make sure to offer booth to OSI
  - Make sure to avoid ambiguity around who our current fiscal sponsor is

## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] ASAP: Keynotes (Ben) [Rachel, Nathan]
- [ ] Final Program (Rachel, Nathan)
- [ ] SeaGL Archive site and videos (Ben)
- [ ] Request for Volunteers (Lacey)
- [ ] Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- ~~Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1~~
- Week Of ~~Aug 30~~ Sept 13 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers
- September ~~6~~ (Monday)*: Notify Speakers
- September 19 (Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- September 26 (Monday)*: Finalize Program
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular weekly all-hands: Monday, September 20 @ 5pm PT
  - Remember, _weekly_ meetings until the conference

#### committee meetings
- Programming and Flow: Tuesday, September 14 @ 17:00 PT
- Outreach: Tuesday, September 14 @ 12:00 PT
- Tech: Wednesday, September 15 @ 17:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Thursday, September 16 @ 16:00 PT

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Salt: Happy to see everyone and the progress made. Under double digits for meetings left. Need to get speaker gifts out
- Nathan: looking forward to nearing end of programming checklist, start mini month off, lots of solid talks in program and excited to share
- Andrew: 8 weeks left is scary, only going to get scarier, happy to have head down in tech stuff, welcome dorian
- der.hans: 8 weeks out is scary, especially since there are big events inbetween, looking great, excited to see talks coming out, really enjoying postings for videos
- Lacey: look forward to getting more stuff done, excited to have objectives this week, thanks to hans for bringing in Dorian
- Ben: 8 weeks seems way closer than it aught to be, but excited, looks like making lots of progress
- Don/sntxrr: this seems about the time I came in last year, thus time to panic, but lot more confidence this year, just needs execution/excitement, esp for new faces/help
- Dorian: great to meet you all, excited to help with documentation, volunteer wrangling, etc. 8 weeks seems short, but we can do this!

# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


