# 16 Nov 2021 Promotion & Outreach Committee meeting 

Present: Ben, Mateus, Salt

Regrets: 

Notes: https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_outreach 

## Agenda 

- [ ] Color palette name
    - [ ] Update style guide with new names (Mateus) ([#216](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/216))
      - Tidal Blue
      - Puget Sound
      - Deep Ocean
      - French Fry Gold
      - Wet Sand
      - Brave Gull
      - Gloomy Sky
      - Stormy Sky
      - Storm Cloud
      - Penguin Black
      - Bread For Screaming At
      - Eggshell
    - [ ] Image for social media (Mateus) ([#217](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/217))
    - [ ] Blog post (Ben) ([#218](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/218))

- Notes from all-hands retrospective
    - [ ] Make time zones explicit everywhere we list a time
    - [ ] More outreach outside the people who are already in our audience
    - Great job, greater organization, and more posts out
    - Blog post timeline is more clean, make sure they're getting out
    - Get the theme set earlier so we can incorporate it into our content more
    - [ ] Find solution to queue mastodon posts
    - [ ] Look at engagement on Mastodon and Facebook, should we keep putting effort into them?
    - [ ] Pull engagement numbers for graphical recordings specifically
    - [ ] Tech can help to find solutions for mastodon, or any other thing in the future
    - [ ] More people for next year!
        - Design
        - Blog writer
        - Mastodon wrangler


- Follow-up meeting?


### Blog posts

- [ ] Switching to OSI as fiscal sponsor
    - Drafted, awaiting review/additional content
- [ ] 2020 videos and new archive pages (for after SeaGL2021)
- [ ] "2021 thank you" post (Ben) ([#219](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/219))
- [ ] Publish blog post about color palette (Ben)  ([#218](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/218))

### Misc tasks

* [x] Fix style guide page so the "Contents" section doesn't go to the bottom on mobile ([website #299](https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/299))
* [ ] Archive Design Assets on GitHub
* [ ] Create Title Screens for 2021 videos (Mateus)
* [ ] Speaker/Sponsor/Volunteers Avatars (Ben)
* [ ] 2022 Sticker Pack update
   - [ ] Add logo (Mateus) ([#221](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/221))
   - [ ] Send request to Staff with request for more ideas (Ben) ([#220](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/220))

* [Other open tickets](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AOutreach) 

## Reminders 

* Next all-hands: ??
* Next Outreach meeting: 7 December @ 1200 PT
