<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-11-08 Post SeaGL 2021 optional all-hands
- November 8th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/210)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Salt, Andrew, sntxrr, Nathan, Norm, Lacey, Mateus, der.hans, Norm
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Norm

### Metrics (final 2021 numbers)
- Sponsors: 34
- Confirmed Talks: 39
- Talk Proposals: 46
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote Nominations: 38

### Previous meeting feedback
- Feeling tired, but we're almost there!
- Crunch time! Strategic use of every hour
- Impressive task being accomplished by an impressive team
- Lots of appreciation for being able to take part
- Lots of TODOs behind us, organizational work++
- Worth running a cross-country conference to work with y'all
- SeaGL is a bright point in the year that other events can be relative to
- Much <3


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)

### 7/12
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming OSI incubator project (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - 10/20: Draft written, https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/seagl-osi
  - 11/1: No time to work on it yet

### 8/23
- [x] #154 name SeaGL colors via community poll (Outreach)
  - Voting form: https://forms.gle/ZD8pHVgZKUFwjz3r9
  - Salt looking for notes.
  - Tidal Blue
  - Puget Sound
  - Deep Ocean
  - French Fry Gold
  - Wet Sand
  - Brave Gull
  - Gloomy Sky
  - Stormy Sky
  - Storm Cloud
  - Penguin Black
  - Bread For Screaming At
  - Eggshell

### 10/11
- [ ] schedule time to talk to deb and ben for first draft of OSI announcement (Salt)
  - 11/1: No update.

### 10/18
- [x] review draft of documentation for speakers on streamyard (Programming, Tech, Volunteering)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/pull/194/files
  - TODO at Tech meeting / Dry Run
- [ ] #212 plan virtual volunteer thank you event post-event (but not the day after) (Salt)
  - Please fill out availability: https://whenisgood.net/wqgrpyy
- [x] add your other FLOSS org you volunteer with as thanks-sponsor on #189 (Everyone)

### 10/25
- [x] generate the speakers associated Matrix room (hopefully) before speaker email goes out (Tech)
- [x] write up a doc to take a quick pass at moderation decision making (CoC)
- [x] brainstorm Friday afternoon booth crawl (Attendee Experience)
- [x] #174 create ad-roll (Mateus, Romeo)
- [x] schedule a pre-conference staff meeting (Salt)

### 11/01
- [x] Open a new issue to handle the speaker gifts (Salt)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/214
- [x] Send out a scheduling poll for virtual volunteer thank you event (Salt)
- [x] discuss interactive social event rooms (Tech)
- [x] Add info for social events to interstitial GH issue (Deb)
- [ ] Have conversation about moderation decision making in the Triage channel (CoC, Tech)
   - Still needs to happen
- [x] Create an issue for any last-minute sponsor booth crawl ideas (Salt)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/213
- [x] provide list of sponsors to include in ad-roll (Partnerships)
- [x] schedule a pre-conference staff meeting (Salt)
  - [x] Invite other speaker wrangler volunteers (Lacey)
- [x] Create a seagl.org address for Mateus (Salt)
- [x] #215 Plan what announcements need to occur and when (Salt, Programming, Partnerships, AX, Everyone)
- [x] Put the meetings on the calendar (Salt)

## New Items

<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### Outstanding Program Items (Nathan)
- sent out thank you email to speakers
  - talked about digital avatar creation
  - set up file drop and ask
  - have a few so far
  - deadline is week from sunday (2 weeks from con)
- graphical recordings are still in progresss
  - hoping to have done by EOD wednesday
  - being tracked on spreadsheet
  - programming will email to speakers
  - should coordinate with outreach to maximize seagl social shares
  - would love to coordinate with video links, but may be shooting for too soon
    - indiv streamyard recordings downloaded, but still in raw state, could send to specific speakers
    - can link to archive of talk page
    - really matters whether we are talking days/weeks/months, will have at least one more touch point when sending avatars
    - Where to upload to?
      - Google may limit space.
      - Hans offered some storage (like last year).
    - Need to work/chat (with OSI) about sponsors and speakers about pitches in the talks.
      - How to put videos up, but still keep SeaGL's name clean?
      - When to talk to the people about it?
      - Especially if we are talking to them about their videos and such.
      - 3 (or maybe more) people/talks
- been putting feedback into programming form for pre-retrospective
  - despite some gotchas (extended keynotes), lots of positive feedback
- [ ] coordinate with outreach to maximize seagl social shares before sending talk illustrations (programming)
- [ ] decide whether we are sharing raw videos with speakers (programming)
- [ ] get eta for actual editted videos (tech)
- [ ] create method to share raw videos, potentially using hans nextcloud (sntxrr)
- [ ] make call about how to handle more sales-y talks (programming)
- [ ] review of all graphical recordings (everyone)

### Processing the videos (sntxrr)
- Prefer to provide raw videos.
  - Someone else do processing.
  - David is a possibility.
- Some of the videos went out choppy, so raw will need to be processed again.
  - Josh Berkus can provide a higer quality recording of his talk?
  - Streamyard got a high quality version, the problem that occurred happend downstream from Streamyard
- [ ] setup a Nextcloud instance for sharing out the raw, and later post processed videos (sntxrr)
- Add in a title card (phase in)?
- Will recordings already have the SeaGL logo?
  - yes
- Romeo has offered, but may be limited in resources.
- Any place we put the video will have the description.
- [ ] Make a mockup of the cards and give to Nathan (Mateus)
- [ ] Talk to Romeo to see if he can work on it. (Salt)
- [ ] update title card generator and make one for each video (Nathan)

### Potential Metrics (Salt)
- from retrospective pad:
  - Staff: 
  - Volunteers: 
  - Registrations: (what does this mean?)
    - number of "attendees" (onsite, off, etc)
    - number of folks using ephemeral server
  - Social Shares: 
  - Blog Posts: 
  - TeaGL Signups: 
  - Career Expo Sessions:
  - Career Expo Counselors:
  - Ambassadors: 
  - Sponsors: 34
  - Fiscal Sponsors: 17
  - Confirmed Speakers: 
  - Confirmed Talks: 39
  - Accepted Talks: 
  - Speakers Submitted: 
  - Talk Proposals: 46
  - Office Hours Attended:
  - Confirmed Keynotes: 4
  - Keynote Nominations: 38
- Anything else?
- Ways to automate this info?
- [ ] open issue about automating capture of metrics (Salt)

### How to start planning 2022
- off-season committees with tasks
  - finance
  - partnerships
  - osem work
  - tech, outreach, ?
- We have a date!
  - [ ] create a task/planning list of everything that needs to be done, then work backwards.
    - make this in a colaborative workspace
    - have a visual timeline of the burn-down chart
  - maybe on meeting a month for 3 months because of 4th quarter holidays, then Feb/March/April maybe twice a month.
  - have important dates also part of the planning (linuxfest for example in April 22nd to 24th).
  - Tie in with linuxfest northwest to keep up publicity and awareness.
  - Example, when we talk to our speakers, say that CFP is open for LFNW.
    - Depends on our timing.
- Salt would like a junior for 2022 in hopes of having a new impresario in the future.
- Don wants to continue as tech lead to further streamline and get things to a point that it can be handed off if needed (not yet though).
- Have some volunteers for things throughout the year to keep people spun up and not just for the conference and then go away.
  - Tech
  - Documentation

### Speaker/Sponsor/Volunteer avatars
- Artist was contacted.
- [ ] Generate initial spreadsheet to capture list of people/volunteers/committees that will get these. (Lacey)

### Upcoming meetings (Salt)
- Next meeting retrospective
- Social/outreach meeting next week.

### 11/08 - New TODOs
- [ ] coordinate with outreach to maximize seagl social shares before sending talk illustrations (programming)
- [ ] decide whether we are sharing raw videos with speakers (programming)
- [ ] get eta for actual editted videos (tech)
- [ ] create method to share raw videos, potentially using hans nextcloud (sntxrr)
- [ ] make call about how to handle more sales-y talks (programming)
- [ ] review of all graphical recordings (everyone)
- [ ] setup a Nextcloud instance for sharing out the raw, and later post processed videos (sntxrr)
- [ ] Make a mockup of the cards and give to Nathan (Mateus)
- [ ] Talk to Romeo to see if he can work on it. (Salt)
- [ ] update title card generator and make one for each video (Nathan)
- [ ] open issue about automating capture of metrics (Salt)
- [ ] create a task/planning list of everything that needs to be done, then work backwards.
- [ ] Generate initial spreadsheet to capture list of people/volunteers/committees that will get these. (Lacey)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Har...


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] approx 10/26 Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - Or maybe we could post it during the event as a big announcement thing. Invite Stefano to show up and talk for a few minutes to say how excited OSI is
- [ ] (probably post-event) SeaGL Archive site and videos (2021 and 2020) (Ben)
- [ ] Speakers and sponsor thank you
- [ ] please keep an eye out for links to add to the Social post (Deb and Monica to send to Ben)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- ~~Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1~~
- ~~Week Of~~ ~~Aug 30~~ ~~Sept 13 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers~~
- ~~September~~ ~~6~~ ~~(Monday)*: Notify Speakers~~
- ~~October 8~~ ~~1st~~ ~~September 20~~ ~~(Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]~~
- ~~October 15~~ ~~8~~th ~~September 27~~ ~~(Monday)*: Finalize Program~~
- ~~Week of October 11~~ ~~4~~ ~~September 20~~: ~~Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting~~
- ~~Week of October 18~~ ~~11~~ ~~September 27~~: ~~Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting~~
- ~~Weeks of October 18 & October 25: Tech training for volunteers~~
- ~~October 31-Nov 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL, and they work (in VLC)!~~
- ~~November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021~~

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- SeaGL 2021 retrospective: Monday, November 15 @ 5pm PT 

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming and Flow: N/A
- Outreach: Tuesday, November 16 @ 12:00 PT
- Tech: Wednesday, November 10 @ 17:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Monday, November ~~8~~ @ 18:00 PT, after all-hands

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
Salt: He appriciates us!!!  Looking forward to retrospective.
Andrew: 2nd and thanks.  A lot of tech stuff still to do.  Likes idea of doing more tech stuff on ongoing.
sntxrr:  Also likes idea of tech stuff ongoing.  miss seeing us as often.
Nathan: 362 days until seagl 2022. Cant wait to 
Norm: Like meetings to keep going.... even if few and far between.
Lacey: Excited to get a list of people putting on seagl and how many it was.  
Mateus: Glad everything worked out.  Thank you for the opportunity to help.  Still needs to do other things.
der.hans: Great conference.  Finance still has a lot of paperwork.  Please give finance any outstanding items.  Getting ready for a German presentation..

# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


