<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-09-27 SeaGL 2021 weekly all-hands (T-6)
- September 27th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/181)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Salt, Rachel, Deb, Nathan, Dorian, der.hans, Don/sntxrr, Ben, Norm, Keith, Lacey
- Apologies: Andrew
- Facilitator: Deb
- Note Taker(s): Rachel
- Note Taker next meeting: Norm
- Note Taker next next meeting: der.hans

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Remaining meetings: 5
- Sponsors: 6 --> 11
- Committee budgets: 2 --> 
- Confirmed Talks: ~17 --> ~19
- Talk Proposals: 46
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote nominations: 38

### Previous meeting feedback
- Excited for dry run, program, party games, sponsors, checked off lists
- Feeling less hectic/panicked than last year
- Good meeting


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #75 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF (Salt and Deb)
  - lots of good progress!!!!
  - we'll have a donation page soon under OSI!
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 2x IDEA
  - got a second chair for Volunteer!
    - Thank you Dorian!
  - Please reach out to your contacts to ping about IDEA chair!
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - Lacey and Salt worked on labels, to rendezvous at OSS

### 5/17
- [ ] #122 Send instructions for staff@ to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
  - no mvmt yet
- [x] #112 All committees have had their first meeting, and figured out whether a regularly scheduled one makes sense (Chairs)
- [ ] #69 Put out a call for more volunteers, especially for Volunteer Lead and OSEM/Rails developer (Outreach)
  - there was a draft that Lacey wrote for a call for volunteers!

### 5/31
- [<] #123 Clean-up email ratsnest (Salt, Tech)
  - did delete some users who had never logged in
  - consider moving this to a non-urgent pile o things to do
- [ ] #124 Close out 2020, that list in the corner we never look at...
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/projects/1
  - [x] Post 2020 videos
  - [ ] Ship 2020 swag
- [ ] #130 select 2021 theme (Everyone)
  - email went out, will decide next week

### 7/12
- [ ] #138 talk to Monica about ubuntu community fund sponsorship for live graphical notes (Nathan)
  - nathan submitted the form
- [ ] #139 all committees submit budget requests for 2021 (committee chairs)
  - Onsite owes this, probably $100
  - Program: graphical notetaking payment for keynotes
  - Tech: a/v and hosting requests submitted
  - <your committee>?
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)
  - holding off at least until we become an incubator project
  - (no update as of 27 Sept)
- [x] #140 review site and public documentation for fiscal sponsor updates (der.hans)
  - Lacey and Ben helped out
  - This might be done, but could prrrobably use a once-over JIC?

### 7/26
- [ ] #148 start brainstorming how and when a geeky fashion show would take place (Everyone)
  - best tech tshirt?  just a little idea from rachel :D
  - mask fashion show???? amazing
  - schedule time slot by Friday ( Deb and Monica meeting thursday)

### 8/09
- [x] announcement about 2021 keynotes (Outreach)
  - thanks Ben!

### 8/23
- [ ] take on and contact one or more sponsors (Everyone)
  - add your name to the sheet and cc sponsors@seagl.org when taking somewhere on
  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AZx2F2zmOQD-lfBdHj9YWNqvndj8lShrXjrbS43-8Es/edit
  - time to bump threads that haven't yet been responded to
  - Sri has been pounding the pavement!
    - 2 platinum!, Bri and Oracle
    - Software Freedom Conservancy
    - s'more
  - Reminder to submit a personal org as a community sponsor
- [ ] submit name suggestions for seagl colors (Everyone)
  - Keep bumping on social media

### 9/13
- [x] get conference tabling gear from storage before OSS (Salt)
- [X] design handbill four-to-a-page handouts for OSS (Outreach)
- [x] print handbill four-to-a-page handouts for OSS (Salt)
- [ ] ask OSI whether they want a "booth" at seagl (Salt, Deb)
- [X] reach out to SCC about how we can thank them (Salt)
  - Lisa has moved on to Renton Tech College

### 9/20
- [x] reach out to Dorian to ask if he wants to be considered Volunteers Chair 2 (Lacey)
- [ ] connect with Lacey to print labels for 2020 swag (Salt)
  - Need to rendezvous with Salt
- [x] update budget issue with checkbox list of committees to keep track of who has/hasn't sent theirs in (Salt)
- [x] do some grepping of the website repo for outdated FSF info (der.hans, Salt)
- [x] set up small group chat for folks tabling OSS [Sri, Salt, Lacey] (Salt)
- [ ] reach out DevOps Games about running games on Saturday (Rachel)
  - will be trying to DM them instead of the email, no response yet
- [ ] look into why emails are going to spam (Tech)
  - still having to-spam issues with speaker acceptance emails
  - Ben has let people know that things could be in spam
- [<] explore options for 1-to-many emails, e.g., sendgrid (Tech) - Future
  - would be nice to have a better way to send out mass emails, and there are legal constraints around it as well

## New Items

### CoC revision (Lacey)
- Lacey reviewed for referral to "on-site" and other slightly outdated realities, more long-lasting, not so cop-focused
- Please give this a read, offer a comment if you like.
- [ ] Deb and Dorian to both read and review
- Would be nice to have specific attention from someone involved with community partners/sponsors
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/180
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/pull/179
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/Code-of-Conduct.md

### At conference moderation (Dorian)
- (welcome Dorian!)
- Technical vs practical moderation difficult to untangle.  What kind can we technically even do?
- Would be good to have a loose list of possibilities of abuse/harassment/misbehavior/"trolling", some definitions and responses
- We have language around "sanctioning/banning" in the CoC - should be aligned with our actual responses/abilities
- escalation of warnings
- Network Level: botting
- Individual Level: individuals, speakers are a special case
- [ ] Rachel to set up meeting with Lacey, Dorian & Don for CoC & moderation rules/processes

### Program Update (Nathan)
- Still missing about half the speaker confirmations
- Going to assemble the program ~next week
- Two interviews are up with our keynoters!  Videos this year.
- Idea to offer caricatures to speakers as a gift?
- [ ] der.hans to get a Github issue going for brainstorming digital gifts to speakers
  - Possibly https://reverentgeek.com/shop/

### 9/27 - New TODOs
- [x] add graphical notes to sponsor prospectus and agreement (der.hans)
  - SeaGL will pay for the 4 keynoters for graphical notes
  - all of both tracks is roughly $6000 for 35 talks
- [ ] respond to FSF about booth (der.hans)
  - this will be responded as a group decision from SeaGL, not from any one individual
  - SeaGL supports the mission and community of free software.
  - The FSF will not be offered a community table
- [ ] read and review CoC revisions (Deb and Dorian)
- [ ] schedule meeting with Lacey, Dorian & Don for CoC & moderation rules/processes (Rachel)
[ ] create Github issue for brainstorming digital gifts to speakers (der.hans)

## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- none this time!

## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [x] ASAP: Keynotes (Ben) [Rachel, Nathan]
- [ ] Final Program (Rachel, Nathan)
- [ ] SeaGL Archive site and videos (Ben)
- [ ] Request for Volunteers (Lacey)
- [ ] Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- ~~Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1~~
- ~~Week Of~~ ~~Aug 30~~ ~~Sept 13 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers~~
- ~~September~~ ~~6~~ ~~(Monday)*: Notify Speakers~~
- Week of September 20: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- Week of September 27: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- October 1st ~~September 20 (Monday)~~: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- October 8th ~~September 27 (Monday)~~*: Finalize Program
- October 31-Nov 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL, and they work (in VLC)!
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular weekly all-hands: Monday, October 4 @ 5pm PT
  - Remember, _weekly_ meetings until the conference!

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming and Flow: Tuesday, October 5 @ 17:00 PT
- Outreach: Tuesday, October 5 @ 12:00 PT
- Tech: Wednesday, September 29 @ 17:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Monday, September 20 @ 18:00 PT, after all-hands

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Everybody spoke twice (jk)


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


