<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-11-15 SeaGL 2021 retrospective all-hands
- November 15th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_retrospective)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Rachel, Andrew, Ben, Mateus, Nathan, Salt, Lacey, Norm, der.hans, Don/sntxrr, Deb
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Deb

### Metrics (final 2021 numbers)
- Staff: 
  - Chairs: 14
- Volunteers: 
- Registrations:
  - number of "attendees" (onsite, off, etc.):
    - Accounts in “Welcome” room: ~235
    - Viewers of live streams: 
  - number of folks using ephemeral server: ~55
  - number attending only Doctorow keynote: 
- Social Shares: 
- Blog Posts: [18](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Aseagl%2Fseagl.github.io+extension%3Amd+path%3A%2F_posts+filename%3A2021-&type=Code)
- TeaGL Signups: 
- Costume Entries: 
- Career Expo Sessions: 3
- Career Expo Counselors: 4
- Ambassadors: 
- Sponsors: 34
- Fiscal Sponsors: 17
- Confirmed Speakers: 
- Confirmed Talks: 39
- Accepted Talks: 
- Speakers Submitted: 
- Talk Proposals: 46
- Office Hours Attended:
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote Nominations: 38
- Anything else?


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
- Reminder: focus is on the 2021 retrospective, not 2022

<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### 2021 tasks yet-to-be-closed
#### 3/8
- [<] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - removing from 2021 list

#### 7/12
- [>] #137 write post about becoming OSI incubator project (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - 10/20: Draft written, https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/seagl-osi
  - 11/1: No time to work on it yet
  - 11/15: Still needs work
  - moving to Impresario section

#### 10/11
- [>] schedule time to talk to deb and ben for first draft of OSI announcement (Salt)
  - 11/1: No update.
  - moving to Impresario section

#### 10/18
- [>] #212 plan virtual volunteer thank you event post-event (but not the day after) (Salt)
  - Please fill out availability: https://whenisgood.net/wqgrpyy
  - moving to Impresario section

#### 11/01
- [<] Have conversation about moderation decision making in the Triage channel (CoC, Tech)
  - We need to meet at some point, but not sure when the right time is, maybe 2022 season?
  - [>] create (or find) GH issue concerning decision making in Triage channel, add to 2022 GH project (Salt)
  - moving to Impresario section

#### 11/08
- [>] coordinate with outreach to maximize seagl social shares before sending talk illustrations (Programming)
  - blocked until shared with speakers
  - has been unclear how outreach is handled inbetween events
  - moving to Programming section
- [>] decide whether we are sharing raw videos with speakers (Programming)
  - depends on timeline, no issues sharing raw videos, esp if going to take a while
  - should all be closed out before xmas, ideally sooner
  - moving to Programming section
- [>] get eta for actual edited videos release (Tech)
  - moving to Tech section
- [x] create method to share raw videos, potentially using hans nextcloud (sntxrr)
  - links to one video per talk are available
  - recordings are not as raw as we've sometimes had
- [>] make call about how to handle more sales-y talks (Programming)
  - nothing to repremand, have more clear cfp
  - still have question about what video publication looks like (and promotion on social media?)
  - more notes from optional all-hands, rachel to review then discuss offline with nathan
  - [>] create rolling list of speakers that need extra attention (Programming)
  - part of conversation is about sponsorships dependent about whether or not talk was accepted
  - keep a bit more of a silo between partnerships and program?
  - moving to Programming section
- [>] review all of the graphical recordings of typos, clarity, etc. (Everyone)
  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12B30-UgUno-DlyupVkXd2kCdrjvrQH--0ulp0WYnIZo/edit?pli=1#gid=0
  - moving to Programming section
- [x] setup a Nextcloud instance for sharing out the raw, and later post processed videos (sntxrr)
  - discussed above
- [>] make a mockup of the title cards and give to Nathan for generation (Mateus)
  - working on it this week
  - moving to Outreach section
  - [>] update title card generator and make one for each video (Nathan)
    - moving to Programming section
- [>] Talk to Romeo to see if he can work on the video chopping. (Salt)
  - moving to Tech section
- [>] open issue about automating capture of metrics (Salt)
  - moving to Tech section
- [>] create a task/planning list of everything that needs to be done, then work backwards (Salt)
  - Ben has a tool he likes for this
  - create a framework for everyone to plug into
  - moving to Impresario section
- [x] Generate initial list of people/volunteers/committees that will get digital appreciation gifts (Lacey)
  - Maya, Josh Farwell, Harbinger - Josh, Lucy Voigt, Dorian, Lacey Kasten, Don, Andrew, Tree, Salt, Keith, Hans, Ben, Sri, Norm, Deb, Prasket, Mateus, Romeo, Rachel, Nathan, Lori B, Tucker, Jill, Monica Ayhens-Madon (social planning, esp TeaGL), Molly de Blanc (sandwiches), Mako Hill (cocktails/mocktails), Matt Stratton (Devops Party games), Aarti Kamalahasan (Sri's co-sandwich maker), Remy DeCausemaker and Elana Hashman (Trivia), Bri Hatch (trivia questions), Adam Monsen (various) (this is missing review board peeps)
  - [x] make spreadsheet to capture these all in one place (Salt)
    - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qMvSU3JvjxSTZUGL_CZaYbSNgCe0-gZxY1bt4HbJYjk/edit#gid=0


### New Items for 11/15

#### Compilation of 2021 Links (Salt)
- Please add anything you think might be relevant to this list so we have a centralized pad as the archiving process takes place
- https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
- [>] add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - adding to all Committee sections

#### Reimbursements (Salt)
- Let's make sure all reimbursements are submitted by Dec 1
- process to submit reimbursements can be found here:
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20210920-allhands.md#budget-request-process-salt
- [>] submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)
  - adding to all Committee sections

#### Outstanding Program Items (Nathan)
- all talk graphics have been posted in seagl-staff
  - would love to get more eyes to review (typos, etc)
- [>] confirm Mind's Eye has gotten paid from OSI (Salt)
  - moving to Finance section
- figuring out videos is next big thing
  - if we know they will take longer ???
  - ideally would like to send over something with next speaker reach-out
- headshot requests to have a hard deadline by 12/1
  - still need to go out to volunteers/sponsors
  - [>] reach out to staff/sponsors about headshots (Salt)
    - moving to Impresario section

#### Feedback Form Review (Salt)
- Process:
  - Salt will screenshare and go through the responses
  - Each response will be discussed
  - Relevant feedback will be captured below

---

### Committee Additions
- Process:
  - Each committee should go through how they felt things went and add any specific suggestions of things to consider from their committee's context
  - The group will decide what we is be called toDONE, bikeshed'ed, or what we tWONTdo
  - new TODOs should be added to the above list

---

#### Programming & Flow (Rachel and Nathan)
- Rachel will be stepping down because she's been doing it for some time (sincere thanks to Rachel!)
- People enjoyed Cory's keynote, and didn't even notice that it ran longer than intended
- It's likely that some people came to SeaGL 2021 because we were able to have Cory speak
- Positive feedback about the variety of content and speakers
- Speakers felt like they had a smooth experience / were supported by SeaGL 2021 as speakers
- There needs to be more liaison between tech and programming, especially regarding OSEM
  - If cannot be changed (fields), come up with a back-up option
  - [>] decide on new platform or upgrade OSEM (Tech)
    - Moving to Tech section
  - Prioritized after we wrap up 2021
- Positive reaction to graphical recordings, people also hyped about avatars
- Struggled a bit on the programming committee side
  - various issues such as meeting attendence, action items distributed or dropped
  - Rethinking what it is to be a staff member on the programming committee
  - maybe an attendence system?
  - [>] consider what expectations come along with being a staff member versus a peripheral volunteer (Everyone)
    - moving to Impresario section
- Rachel + nathan to do committee chair retrospective meeting

##### Outstanding 2021 TODOs
- [ ] add names of who was on review board / any other volunteers that helped out Programming to document on line 135 (Programming)
- [ ] coordinate with outreach to maximize seagl social shares before sending talk illustrations (Programming)
- [ ] decide whether we are sharing raw videos with speakers (Programming)
- [ ] make call about how to handle more sales-y talks (Programming)
- [ ] create rolling list of speakers that need extra attention (Programming)
- [ ] review all of the graphical recordings of typos, clarity, etc. (Everyone)
- [ ] update title card generator and make one for each video (Nathan)
- [ ] add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
- [ ] submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)

##### Bikeshed
- Goal for next year: more new speakers
- Centralized location for other committees to have information that programming holds
- Frontloading more blog posts, even if just outlines, so less scrambling

##### Important Links

---

#### Finance (Hans and Norm)
- Thank you for all the patience in transitioning this year (Norm, Lacey, Sri)

##### Outstanding 2021 TODOs
- [ ] work through budget requests, including old ones stuck around from 2020 (Hans)
- [ ] add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
- [ ] submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)
- [ ] confirm Mind's Eye has gotten paid from OSI (Salt)

##### Bikeshed
- continue to streamline sponsor processing
- fully transition to consistent document formats
- write more documentation for external consumption

##### Important Links

---

#### Attendee Experience (Deb and Monica)
- should be checking in with Partnerships about the expo hall early in the process
- social events were attended and fun!
- walk through of attendee experience?
  - Deb happy to do a walking through
  - hard to do when platform isn't developed until the morning of
- committee should take lead in writing documentation for attendees
- 2 Chairs was good, but more members would also be good

##### Outstanding 2021 TODOs
- [ ] add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
- [ ] submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)

##### Bikeshed
- attendee experience committee should take lead in writing documentation for attendees

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach (Ben and Mateus)
- there was some confusion about time zones
- seemed to mostly reach folks who were already community
- great job overall, greater organization, and more social posts out
- remaining blog post timeline is fairly clean
  - still need to make sure they're getting out
- would be nice to get the theme set earlier so we can incorporate it into our content more

##### Outstanding 2021 TODOs
- [ ] pull engagement numbers for graphical recordings specifically
- [ ] make a mockup of the title cards and give to Nathan for generation (Mateus)
- [ ] add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
- [ ] submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)

##### Bikeshed
- make time zones explicit everywhere we list a time
- more outreach to people outside of our audience
  - look at engagement on Mastodon, Facebook, etc.
  - decide whether should we keep putting effort into them?
- find solution to queue mastodon posts
  - Tech has volunteered to help to find solutions for mastodon, or any other such things in the future
- add more people to the committe for next year!
  - especially nice would be an additional designer and and additional writer/editor
- set theme earlier so we can incorporate it into our content more

##### Important Links

---

#### Partnerships (Sri and Hans)
- should have clearer plan for sponsorship social media thanks
  - should they be done before, during, and/or after?
  - potentially could be assisted by some sort of issue tracking
- need to work more closely with promotion and outreach for desired logo specifications
  - e.g. ask sponsors for logo with a specific background
  - specifically transparent backgrounds were an issue this year
- consider how to make sponsor hall more attractive for attendees to participate
  - work with attendee experience to plan how sponsor hall works
  - attendee experience can make it happen
- communicate with sponsors how the sponsor rooms will work earlier
- at least one sponsor gave feedback about low attendance
- create plan for how rooms work for sponsors that aren't going to staff the rooms
  - e.g. we can leave up logo, etc, but turn off sound
- should reconsider what it means to be a sponsor
  - what do we provide?
  - what can/should they do for attracting attendees?
 - sponsors' guide to attending SeaGL
- consider work adventure for graphical sponsor hall
- reach out to EFF about what we're doing in between times and early for 2022
- ask sponsors to take selfies with Patch digital stickers
- schedule reoccurring off-season meetings

##### Outstanding 2021 TODOs
- [ ] schedule off-season meetings to keep connections alive
- [ ] add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
- [ ] submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)

##### Bikeshed
- centralized information area for other committees to have sponsor information, as needed
- clarify and communicate plan for sponsorship social media thanks to Outreach
- make sure necessary assets are being requested of sponsors, run by Outreach
- talk with attendee experience early about expo hall
- communicate with sponsors how the sponsor rooms will work earlier
  - consider how rooms without staff work
- reconsider what should be in the prospectus / offered

##### Important Links

---

#### SRE/Technical (Don/sntxrr and Keith)
- Keith stepping down as co-chair (thank youuuuuu!!!!)
- should figure out a solution for uploading sponsor media files
  - Google Forms was too restrictive, e.g. requiring an account
  - Preferably more of a generic drop-box
  - We need to accept logos for various use cases such light/dark, square/wide
- would be nice to find a FOSS alternative to Google Forms, Drive, etc.
- feedback about the virtual conference platform:
  - announcements room should be restricted to avoid chatter
  - be consistent and clear about time zones across interfaces
  - live stream watch page should collapse/demote previous talks on the schedule
  - it would be nice if social events could be included in the live stream
  - jitsi was overwhelmed and automatically dropped video to reduce bandwidth
  - matrix subspaces were too confusing to navigate
  - Deb encountered some bug in Element that made it unusable
    - has screenshots
    - after closing all tabs and clearing cache it was ok again
    - not the ideal and didn't know how to fix it at first bc the interface doesn't give you many clues
  - frustrating that we didn’t accommodate other Matrix clients
  - known issues need to be well communicated
  - integrated Jitsi rooms were too opaque prior to joining
    - should report partipicants externally
  - was too complicated to figure out how to enter the conference
  - would be nice to replace integrated live stream with Jitsi when presentations end
  - there were too many Matrix rooms to keep track of
  - should automate scheduled announcements
  - document helpful usage patterns like favoriting channels, pre-joining sessions
  - ephemeral homeserver should have had a more descriptive name; using `seagl.org` was risky
  - folks were a fan of the Matrix platform, although it took a little bit to get used to for some
  - forgot to mass invite to staff to restricted channels space
    - it was hard to know rooms in which spaces to be in
- need to lock in plans earlier so we can get info to speakers
- need more liaison between tech and programming
- need to improve (or take into account) bus factor

##### Outstanding 2021 TODOs
- [ ] get eta for actual edited videos release (Tech)
- [ ] talk to Romeo to see if he can work on the video chopping. (Salt)
- [ ] get info from Programming about what functionality we use in OSEM
  - figure out what shortcomings led us to fork it
  - decide what we hope to gain from updating it, etc.
- [ ] decide on new platform or upgrade OSEM (Tech)
- [ ] research tooling to assist Promotion with posting to Mastodon
- [ ] Get viewership metrics from YouTube
- [ ] write blog post about building Matrix platform
  - include wishlist and pitfalls
- [ ] figure out how to automate capture of metrics
- [ ] Schedule off-season meetings
- [ ] submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)
- [ ] add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links

##### Bikeshed
- figure out a solution for uploading sponsor media files
- explore non-Google tools for organization-wide stuff
- get platform to a usable state much earlier
- rely less on individuals (i.e., avoid the bus factor)
- send out liasons to other committees rather than waiting for them to attend tech meetings

##### Important Links

---

#### Volunteers (Lacey and Dorian)
- Don did a fantastic job doing on the fly training for the speaker wranglers
- Don also stepped in on speaker wrangling when we were down 1 person volunteering
- some speaker/sponsor felt supported and well handled by the speaker wranglers
- more people need for helping build tech stack
- speaker wranglers had a great attitude
- yay human solution for sponsor call outs

##### Outstanding 2021 TODOs
- [ ] find more people for other committees, off-season volunteer reach out
- [ ] add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
- [ ] submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)

##### Bikeshed
- work with Salt to create "job descriptions" so people know what they are stepping into and we know what we are looking for

##### Important Links

---

#### IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access (-_-)
- didn't have the same amount of speaker diversity as we did in the past
- would help to be more explicity with "job description" than "help diversity", e.g. write top 3 tasks

##### Outstanding 2021 TODOs

##### Bikeshed
- create an IDEA committee
- meeting / discussion to be had on what we need to do to develop IDEA
- Don has volunteered to help more with this in the off season

##### Important Links

---

#### CoC: Code of Conduct (Rachel and Lacey)
- we didn't have any actions that needed to get taken outside of some eroneous postings we kept an eye on and some heckling of a speaker but it was diffused by attendees

##### Outstanding 2021 TODOs
- [ ] set date to meet and discuss moderation rulings, strategies, etc.
- [ ] follow up with Rachel, maybe wanting to be a part of this as lighter than full-on seagl programming chair (Salt)
- [ ] add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
- [ ] submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)

##### Bikeshed

##### Important Links

---

#### Impresario (Salt)
- need to spend some time creating staff / restricted channels
  - need to write policy to make sure that the right people are in them
- delegated more, still need to delegate more
- project management stuff seemed to work well
  - e.g., meetings stayed on time
  - double down and keep being more organized as it paid off
- being able to discuss issues in "issues" helped, lets keep on this
- its okay to be bold and make sure the meeting happens around "the person who really needs to be there" rather than asking for many scheduling polls
- owning more of the calender invites as impresario, at least at co-owner so that if chairs change it's still handled

##### Outstanding 2021 TODOs
- [ ] reach out to staff/sponsors about headshots (Salt)
- [ ] schedule time to talk to deb and ben for first draft of OSI announcement (Salt)
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming OSI incubator project (Salt, Deb, Ben)
- [ ] #212 plan virtual volunteer thank you event post-event (but not the day after) (Salt)
- [ ] create (or find) GH issue concerning decision making in Triage channel, add to 2022 GH project (Salt)
- [ ] create a task/planning list of everything that needs to be done, then work backwards (Salt)
- [ ] add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
- [ ] submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)
- [ ] consider what expectations come along with being a staff member versus a peripheral volunteer (Everyone)

##### Bikeshed
- double down and keep being more organized as it paid off
- come up with co-owned calendar invites so they can be updated if someone falls off
- figure out meetings in the interim times
- find someone to be a junior impresario for 2022
- "In the Plaid" (is this about an official seagl tartan...?)

##### Important Links

---

## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Nope


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] approx 10/26 Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - Or maybe we could post it during the event as a big announcement thing. Invite Stefano to show up and talk for a few minutes to say how excited OSI is
- [ ] (probably post-event) SeaGL Archive site and videos (2021 and 2020) (Ben)
- [ ] Speakers and sponsor thank you
- [x] please keep an eye out for links to add to the Social post (Deb and Monica to send to Ben)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- ~~Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1~~
- ~~Week Of~~ ~~Aug 30~~ ~~Sept 13 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers~~
- ~~September~~ ~~6~~ ~~(Monday)*: Notify Speakers~~
- ~~October 8~~ ~~1st~~ ~~September 20~~ ~~(Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]~~
- ~~October 15~~ ~~8~~th ~~September 27~~ ~~(Monday)*: Finalize Program~~
- ~~Week of October 11~~ ~~4~~ ~~September 20~~: ~~Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting~~
- ~~Week of October 18~~ ~~11~~ ~~September 27~~: ~~Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting~~
- ~~Weeks of October 18 & October 25: Tech training for volunteers~~
- ~~October 31-Nov 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL, and they work (in VLC)!~~
- ~~November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021~~

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Kick-off: ?? probably January or February
  - would be nice to have full break month
  - will have no expected seagl meetings for second half of december and first half of january

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: N/A
- Finance and Partnerships: scheduling email went out today
- Attendee Experience: N/A
- Promotion & Outreach: Tuesday, November 16 @ 12:00 PT
- SRE/Technical: Weekly, Wednesdays @ 5:00 or 6:00 PT
- Volunteers: N/A
- IDEA: N/A
- CoC: ??

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Rachel: (had to leave "early")
- Andrew: its a lot
  - we hope your brain feels better soon!
- Ben: great work everyone, awesome work, looking forward to next year (hopefully in person), pleasure working
- Mateus: (had to leave "early")
- Nathan: (had to leave "early")
- Salt: It's amazing. Thank you all. Every year has gotten better. As much as I felt like I had a lot to do, we got more done and more people were pitching in.
- Lacey: Look forward to seeing what we can do with more volunteers and being a part of more committees.
- Norm: Expecting to meet with hans quite a bit soon, still up for helping with videos
- der.hans: unsure if less/more retro than last year, but this year felt more specific, this year felt like we got a lot more done, having more people and last-minute lacey audits really helped
- Don/sntxrr: ditto word-for-word of what ben said
- Deb: great to get things done from invisible (changing fiscal sponsors) to visible (friends making sandwhiches), expectations of hanging out and having a good time came from all of us and was amazing, great to be part of the event, seagl volunteers are the best


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


