<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-07-12 SeaGL 2021 bi-weekly all-hands
- July 12th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/134)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Andrew, der.hans, Salt, Nathan, Don/sntxrr, Sri, Norm (late)
- Apologies: Rachel, Ben, Deb, Keith
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): der.hans
- Note Taker next meeting: Rachel

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Keynote nominations: 38
- Talk Proposals: 1 --> 3
- Sponsors: 1 --> 2
- Committee budgets: 0 -->

### Previous meeting feedback
- Too hot!!!
- Nice to have a large turnout at these meetings
- CFP IS OUT!!!
- Loads of shared excitement


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #75 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF (Salt and Deb)
  - Still in progress, Deb will touch base with Phyllis tomorrow
- [ ] #78 Document the new project management system (Salt)
- [ ] #79 Finalize committee descriptions (Salt)
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - Sri accepted a co-chair position for Partnerships!
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 2x Volunteers, 1x IDEA, 2x CoC
- [ ] #82 Publish 2020 videos (Tech)
  - Blocked by #122 ?
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)

### 5/3
- [x] #106 Talk to programming and partnerships about what to include in 2020 gift shipments (Salt)
   - include in note: thank you, apology, cfp
- [x] #110 Prepare 2021 Sponsor Prospectus (Finance and Partnerships)
  - Please review the add-ons addendum and provide feedback, https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/110#issuecomment-877749429 (everyone)
  - Open question about whether career expo can support multiple sponsors
  - Open question about whether the digital sticker pack development needs (or would want) a sponsor
  - [ ] post prospectus to web site (der.hans)

### 5/17
- [ ] #122 Send instructions for staff@ to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
- [ ] #112 All committees have had their first meeting, and figured out whether a regularly scheduled one makes sense (Chairs)
  - Programming, Finance, Outreach have all had meetings
  - Partnerships has somewhat had meetings by not being fully split from Finance
  - Attendee Experience, SRE/Technical, Volunteers, IDEA, and CoC still haven't afaik
  - Volunteers and Code of Conduct need chairs, IDEA and Parternships need co-chairs
- [backlog] #68 Reach out to James Mason, lead of LFNW and OSEM maintainer (Andrew)
  - Andrew would like to spend the next few weekends putting together more concrete asks
- [ ] #69 Put out a call for more tech volunteers, especially for OSEM/Rails on social media (Outreach)

### 5/31
- [ ] #123 Clean-up email ratsnest
- [ ] #124 Close out 2020, that list in the corner we never look at...
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/projects/1
  - should move quite a bit once videos are published and gifts are mailed
- [x] #125 Transition from Freenode to Libera.Chat
  - [x] #128 queue up social media posts about Freenode â†’ Libera.Chat transition
  - [x] migrate (tombstone) Matrix channel to Seattle Matrix channel (Salt)
  - [x] bridge Seattle Matrix channel to Libera.Chat
  - [x] remind everyone to move and use Matrix on #SeaGL:seattlematrix.org / #SeaGL:matrix.org or IRC on Libera.Chat #SeaGL
- [ ] #130 select 2021 theme (Everyone)

### 6/14
- [ ] notify anyone looking to hold a "sponsored track" that they need to have one person volunteer for the conference beforehand, attending the all-hands regularly (Everyone)
  - we want to put minimal effort into this at this point, it's open if someone wants to approach us
  - deadline, at latest, is when we start forming the schedule
- [x] #131 Engage with Linux Foundation events running in Seattle, September 27-October 1 (Sri and Salt)

### 6/28
- [x] Follow up with Phyllis about the actual contract OSI needs to accept sponsors (Salt & Deb)
  - Deb: OSI will have its own contract and sponsor form
- [x] Follow up with person who illustrates conference talks to gather information (Nathan)
- [ ] Send any similar suggestions of artists who illustrate conference talks to Nathan (everyone)
- [x] Rip the 2020 videos and post them to archive.org and let Ben know the links when they're available for social-ing (Don)
  - This SHOULD be done, but the videos do not appear to be visible
  - https://archive.org/details/@seagl-video-team?tab=uploads
  - Does anyone have experience with InternetArchive visibility settings?
  - all 37 have been ripped (thanks sntxrr!) and uploaded to Archive.org, but they're not visible
  - sntxrr will get Salt credentials and Salt will contact someone he knows at A.o


## New Items

### Getting staff into Matrix rooms (Salt)
- [ ] setup attend.seagl.org for CFP office hours (Andrew)
  - can kiwiirc be piggybacked on libera.chat gateway
  - need to add I-line to bump connection limit for seagl
  - need to change text to remove freenode
  - Andrew could setup within week or two
  - this work is priority and will have to be done for conference either way

### Moving to weekly all-hands (Salt)
- When do we want to do this? August? September?
  - wait till we have items that need to be addressed in less than 2 weeks
  - last year felt like we went to weekly earlier than necessary, beginning of August
  - heuristic is roughly after close of cfp

### Keynote Voting (Nathan)
- Voting scheduled to close TOMORROW NIGHT (Tue Jul 13 23:59:59 PDT 2021)
- Must opt-in to receiving emails from CIVS at: https://civs1.civs.us/cgi-bin/opt_in.pl
- Salt: I keep getting emails, but already submitted votes, is there a way to confirm they were submitted?
  - Nathan: Technically, they are anonymous. I believe the system will only let you vote once (but you'll continue getting the emails). If you go to vote again and it stops you, your vote was received.

### Pricing for Live Graphical Notes (Nathan)
- 3 levels pricing (small, medium, large)
  - 1 talk or up to 1 hour, 4 hours, 8 hours
  - $300/hr, $1,100/4hrs, $2,200/8hrs (all talks in time frame) with a few small breaks
  - A bit pricey, but could also serve as a gift for our speakers, maybe we get a dedicated sponsor for these notes (the Ubuntu Community Fund was floated as a possibility)?
- [ ] talk to Monica about sponsorship for live graphical notes (der.hans)
- [ ] add speaker gifts as an add-on (der.hans)

### Finance committee budgetting (der.hans)
- are we expecting any keynote reimbursements for 2021?
  - Nathan: We are remote, so I can't think of a reason for us to have any reimbursement needs this year
- [ ] please give committee budget requests for 2021 (committee chairs)
  - Programming might need some Canva Pro account(s)
  - Defer to Tech wrt transcription costs

### 7/12 - New TODOs
- [ ] post prospectus to web site (der.hans)
- [ ] talk to Monica about sponsorship for live graphical notes (der.hans)
- [ ] add speaker gifts as an add-on (der.hans)
- [ ] please give committee budget requests for 2021 (committee chairs)
- [ ] write post about becoming incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)
- [ ] review site and public documentation for fiscal sponsor updates (der.hans)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)

- should we create a blog post about moving to OSI?
  - Nathan: We are a small conference. I doubt most people know/care that we were under the FSF previously. We are also well-past the point in time where this was the hot topic on social media. Unless we are looking to make a (political) statement, I'd probably just update the references on the website to call out OSI and call it a day.
  - post can act as a heartbeat leading up to the conference
  - [ ] write post about becoming incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)
  - [ ] review site and public documentation for fiscal sponsor updates (der.hans)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [x] CFP Opens
- [x] Program Committee Code of Practice
- [ ] CFP Reminder/Call for Specific Talks
- [ ] CFP Closes
- [ ] CFP Notifications
  - Nathan: Did we actually blog about this in the past?
- [ ] Final Program
- [ ] Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- August 5 (Thursday)*: CFP closes
- Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1
- Week Of Aug 30 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers
- September 6 (Monday)*: Notify Speakers
- September 19 (Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- September 26 (Monday)*: Finalize Program
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular bi-weekly all-hands Monday, July 26 @ 5pm PT
- Finance and Programming tentatively Thursday, July 22nd @ 16:00

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Andrew: nice having discussion time at end, how do we stoke activity on Matrix and blog usage
- der.hans: excited to have Sri on Partnerships, great list of keynote candidates, good meeting, happy about progress
- Salt: had a lot to get through, but we did, excited to 
- Nathan: (dropped off early)
- Don/sntxrr: glad someone else is going to look at why videos aren't appearing, found missing sysops code, excited about conference, excited to vote for keynotes
- Sri: deeper into the SeaGL nest, partnerships and lightning talks!
- Norm: look forward to having seagl account access

# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)
    pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):
    #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".
    javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


