<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-10-04 SeaGL 2021 weekly all-hands (T-5)
- October 4th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/187)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Lacey, der.hans, Ben, Salt, Norm, Andrew, Deb, sntxrr/Don, Keith
- Apologies: Nathan
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Norm
- Note Taker next meeting: der.hans
- Note Taker next next meeting: 

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Remaining meetings: 4
- Sponsors: 11 --> 
- Committee budgets: 2 --> 
- Confirmed Talks: ~19 --> ~39
- Talk Proposals: 46
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote nominations: 38
- T-5!!!   No pressure

### Previous meeting feedback
- not captured


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [x] #75 transition fiscal sponsorship away from the FSF (Salt and Deb)
  - We are officially an OSI incubator project!!!
  - [ ] Blog post recommend to announce part of OSI. (deb, salt, ben)
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - is Monica a lead for Attendee Experience?
    - yes
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 2x IDEA
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - no major updates
  - handed a couple out to speakers who were at OSS

### 5/17
- [ ] #122 Send instructions for staff@ to help with YouTube video transcription. (Keith)
- [ ] #69 Put out a call for more volunteers (Lacey)
  - [ ] send call for volunteers blog post tomorrow (Lacey)
  - [ ] email with shareable link to seagl2021, ambassador, etc (Lacey)

### 5/31
- [ ] #124 Close out 2020, that list in the corner we never look at...
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/projects/1
  - [x] Post 2020 videos
  - [ ] Ship 2020 swag
- [ ] #130 select 2021 theme (Everyone)
  - To be selected... at this meeting!
  - 13 votes
  - https://star.vote/yt4kt6x1/
  - "SeaGL 2021: on cloud 9"
  - [ ] outreach to discuss in this week's meeting

### 7/12
- [ ] #138 request ubuntu community fund sponsorship for live graphical notes (Nathan)
- [ ] #139 all committees submit budget requests for 2021 (committee chairs)
  - ax: $150 for tea
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt, Deb, Ben)

### 7/26
- [ ] #148 start brainstorming how and when a geeky fashion show would take place (Everyone)
  - themes: masks, mug kilts, con t-shirts, cloud print fashion
  - considerations: age appropriate guidelines
  - time slot: after event on friday or saturday, friday for mako, saturday maybe for trivia/scavenger hunt
    - maybe before keynotes?
      - more of an icebreaker
      - 5-10 minute parade to build energy
  - [ ] nail down details around geeky fashion show during this week's meeting (Attendee Experience)

### 8/23
- [x] take on and contact one or more sponsors (Everyone)
  - add your name to the sheet and cc sponsors@seagl.org when taking somewhere on
  - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AZx2F2zmOQD-lfBdHj9YWNqvndj8lShrXjrbS43-8Es/edit
  - time to bump threads that haven't yet been responded to
- [ ] name seagl colors (Everyone)
  - Suggestions form: https://forms.gle/6qSQHC2HodwhDbTQ7
  - We currently have 11 responses (though most colors have 9)
  - When should we close it?
  - Do we want only one poll for all colors or one per color and trickle them out?
    - One big form
  - have open during event, gives people something to vote on, close couple hours before saturday ends, announce at closing ceremonies
  - close suggestions friday week before, voting opens monday
  - [ ] draft announce that color suggestions poll will close on friday week before seagl, voting will open monday of seagl week (Outreach)

### 9/13
- [ ] ask OSI whether they want a "booth" at seagl (Deb)

### 9/20
- [ ] connect with Lacey to print labels for 2020 swag (Salt)
    - Tonight
- [ ] reach out DevOps Games about running games on Saturday (Rachel)
  - will be trying to DM them instead of the email, no response yet
- [<] look into why emails are going to spam (Tech)
  - No anti-spam right now.
  - A good bit of work is needed.
  - Not needed before conference.

### 9/27
- [x] add graphical notes to sponsor prospectus and agreement (der.hans)
- [ ] respond to FSF about booth (der.hans)
  - In progress
  - [ ] put response to FSF in pad and share to seagl2021 (der.hans)
- [x] read and review CoC revisions (Deb and Dorian)
- [x] schedule meeting with Lacey, Dorian & Don for CoC & moderation rules/processes (Rachel)
  - \o/
- [ ] create Github issue for brainstorming digital gifts to speakers (der.hans)


## New Items

<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### #283 Accept and publish new CoC (CoC Committee)
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/Code-of-Conduct.md
- [ ] Draft Social/Blog post about new CoC then request for feedback/comment (Outreach, Ben)

### Program Update (Nathan)
- Missing 1 Confirmation (Atinuke Kayode)
  - Remarkably, everyone else who was accepted has RSVP'ed Yes
- Will be working on finalizing the schedule over the next week
  - Looking like we will have 3 tracks
  - FINAL CALL FOR ANY EVENTS THAT NEED TO BE INCLUDED IN THE PROGRAM!!!
- attendee xp meeting this week, hold off till then please

### Sponsorship Agreement
- We've been going back and forth with the OSI and really need to send this out last week (when we got lots of sponsors at OSS...)
- They've made a few good suggestions, media $500/in-kind, removing "other" add-ons to reduce potential confusion
- However, they are requesting we no longer link to sponsor's websites, citing potential issues with us being involved with sales and thus risking 501(c)(3) as well as being taxed.
- If we decide to remove links, we could do it silently, or be explicit that we've had a lawyer suggest...
- If we want to push back on this, it may take longer, and we'll need to read up on why it is coming up now
- Either way, we probably want to include a footer blurb about not endorsing anything linked offsite
- Thoughts?
  - deb: osi links... need to make sure to avoid sponsors that have nothing to do with oss, issue seems to be for seo hunters? willing to say we aren't linking to fake seo spam
  - keith: kodi.tv gets 20-50 of these emails per week
  - deb: just need to be more clear about what type of sponsors we accept
  - hans: everyone else does, scale, conservancy, etc
  - deb: ask what language we can put in place to make sure we are on right side of this law
  - [ ] loop deb and finance into this conversation (Salt)

### 10/04 - New TODOs
- [ ] Blog post recommend to announce part of OSI. (Deb, Salt, Ben)
- [ ] send call for volunteers blog post tomorrow (Lacey)
- [ ] email with shareable link to seagl2021, ambassador, etc (Lacey)
- [ ] discuss theme in this week's meeting (Outreach)
- [ ] add $150 budget request for tea from AX (Finance)
- [ ] nail down details around geeky fashion show during this week's meeting (Attendee Experience)
- [ ] draft announce that color suggestions poll will close on friday week before seagl, voting will open monday of seagl week (Outreach)
- [ ] put response to FSF in pad and share to seagl2021 (der.hans)
- [ ] Draft Social/Blog post about new CoC then request for feedback/comment (Outreach, Ben)
- [ ] loop deb and finance into this conversation (Salt)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Skipped.  People are fried.


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] Final Program (Rachel, Nathan)
- [ ] SeaGL Archive site and videos (Ben)
- [ ] Request for Volunteers (Lacey)
- [ ] Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt, Deb)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- ~~Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1~~
- ~~Week Of~~ ~~Aug 30~~ ~~Sept 13 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers~~
- ~~September~~ ~~6~~ ~~(Monday)*: Notify Speakers~~
- Week of October 4 ~~September 20~~: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
  - ran through speaker side, not participant
  - will at wednesday meeting (how things flow, decisions)
  - Next week (participant focus first, split up tracks, email) Documentation
- Week of October 8 ~~September 27~~: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- ~~October 1st~~ ~~September 20~~ ~~(Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]~~
- October 8th ~~September 27~~ (Monday)*: Finalize Program
- Weeks of October 18 & October 25: Tech training for volunteers
- October 31-Nov 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL, and they work (in VLC)!
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular weekly all-hands: Monday, October 11 @ 5pm PT
  - Remember, _weekly_ meetings until the conference!

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming and Flow: Tuesday, October 5 @ 17:00 PT
- Outreach: Tuesday, October 5 @ 12:00 PT
- Tech: Wednesday, September 29 @ 17:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Monday, September 20 @ 18:00 PT, after all-hands

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Lacey: Look forward to having a week break and then be back to running.
- der.hans: Better shape than last year.  Seeing people mostly working in the same direction.
- Ben: Happy about keeping meeting to an hour.  Excited about progress.
- Salt: Having terror driven thoughts, then things are solved.  No speakers, then we have speakers.  Tech soon. Happy to get feedback on tools/things (github for example).
- Norm: Happy to see this going, decisions being made
- Andrew: Distracted.  Posted picture of beach.
- Deb: Has some overflow time.
- sntxrr/Don:  *Meow*.  Flashbacks from last year...   Arguing about tech.
- Keith: Excited to finalize things this week.  Agree..   better than last year.   Thinks that github and other organizing things work.


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


