<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2021-10-25 SeaGL 2021 weekly all-hands (T-2)
- October 25th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/197)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/master/meetings/2021/)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Salt, Ben, Nathan, Don/sntxrr, Rachel, Deb, Norm, Lacey, Keith, Sri
- Apologies: Andrew, Dorian
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Don/sntxrr
- Note Taker meeting finale: ???

### Metrics (previous --> current)
- Remaining Meetings: !! **_1_** !!
- Sponsors: 10 --> 13
- Committee Budgets: 5
- Confirmed Talks: 39
- Talk Proposals: 46
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote Nominations: 38

### Previous meeting feedback
- ALMOST THERE!!!
- <3 Everyone
- If any group could pull this off, it's us!
- Still plenty to do, pressure cooker time
- Excited to see how everything goes


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 3/8
- [ ] #80 Fill out SeaGL 2021 staff lead seats (Salt)
  - still looking for: 1x Promotion/Outreach, 2x IDEA (still true 10/25/2021)
  - Hans is co-lead for Partnerships
- [ ] #83 Ship 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
  - no progress as of yet.

### 7/12
- [ ] #137 write post about becoming OSI incubator project (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - 10/20: Draft written, https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/seagl-osi
  - Salt has more poking to do, needs to schedule time
  - if folks have anything they'd like to see, add them

### 8/23
- [ ] #154 name SeaGL colors via community poll (Outreach)
  - Suggestions form: https://forms.gle/6qSQHC2HodwhDbTQ7
  - Suggestions poll will close on friday week before seagl (29 Oct), voting will open monday of seagl week
  - form is still up, closing the poll this Friday 
  - On Monday releasing a poll for voting

### 9/20
- [ ] reach out DevOps Games about running games on Saturday (Rachel)
  - Rachel heard back, Deb and Rachel are going to talk with them tomorrow morning.
  - Likely Friday night
  - Optimistic!

### 9/27
- [x] respond to FSF about booth (der.hans)

### 10/4
- [ ] create GH ticket to document $150 budget request for tea from AX (der.hans)
  - no known progress

### 10/11
- [x] connect ubuntu community fund and OSI for account details (Finance, Salt)
- [x] updated poll with nameless color images (Salt)
  - related to #154
- [ ] #188 brainstorm 2021 speaker gifts (Everyone)
  - ongoing, Minds Eye creative, possibly additional? caricature?
  - [ ] ask Minds Eye about additional characturer at bulk-rate add-on (Nathan)
  - Nathan had previously shared a quote for https://reverentgeek.com/shop/
  - above is too high, we want to keep it within $10/gift
  - add your ideas folks!
- [ ] schedule time to talk to deb and ben for first draft of OSI announcement (Salt)
  - haven't had a chance to do so as of yet
- [x] connect with AX committee for update about fashion show and teagl timing (Salt)
- [x] review and revise response to fsf regarding virtual booth (Everyone interested, Salt, Deb)
- [x] review and revise new CoC blog post by 10/12 (soft), 10/15 (hard) (Everyone)

### 10/18
- [ ] ask remy about doing promo/outreach (or being a co-chair) (Rachel/Nathan)
  - Deb talked to him.
  - Will likely be our other trivia co-host, Deb to ping him tomorrow about which day
- [ ] add social events to osem, using the "dummy" user, then send the higlights to Ben in a blog form for posting and tweeting (Deb)
  - Has not looked at this as of yet. Economy of work, all of them are tied together, still planning on doing
- [x] update the color selection form with the new color images (Salt)
- [ ] discuss booth crawl hour on friday (Finance/Partnerships)
  - what sort of things would incentivize folks to come in?
- [x] send suggestions for co-trivia runner to Deb (Everyone)
  - probably Remy
- [ ] generate URLs for talks and send to Program Committee (Tech)
  - in progress, first 10 are done, we hope to have the rest done soon
  - hopefully the rest will be done today
  - Streamyard email wasn't sending for whatever reason
  - Keith will share the google sheet of streamyard links with Program
  - [ ] generate the speakers associated Matrix room before speaker email goes out (Tech)
    - this would be nice to have but isn't a blocker
- [ ] review draft of documentation for speakers on streamyard, https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/pull/194/files (Programming, Tech, Volunteering)
  - has not been reviewed by Salt, Don will review this week
- [ ] forward details (how to, requirements, deadline) about pre-recording to speakers details to be forwarded (Programming)
- [x] sign agreement for graphical recordings (Salt)
- [x] send speaker images to Ben for social posting (Programming)
  - These made it to Ben
  - Do we have a list of Mastadon/Twitter handles for speakers at all?
  - Ben would like to tag folk when the posts go out.
  - End of the week would be ideal
  - crowdsource these with the help of staff
  - [ ] create spreadsheet to track speaker Mastadon/Twitter handles (Nathan)
- [ ] plan virtual volunteer thank you event post-event (but not the day after) (Salt)
  - no action as of yet
- [ ] add your other FLOSS org you volunteer with as thanks-sponsor on #189 (Everyone)
  - reminder to everyone to do this


## New Items

<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### Moderation (Dorian)
1. Moderation decision making
  - Made by consensus of two or more people in #SeaGL-triage:seattlematrix.org
  - (Nathan) Do we really need this for every action? It feels like extreme overkill, especially given our relatively small staff. It should be pretty obvious when special cases arise that need to be discussed wider, but for things like blatant spam, we should just block it and move on. We can reverse the decision later if the person reaches out or we change our mind.
  - Racial slurs/obvious abuse don't require 2 or more
  - abuse of platform as well 
  - best judgement call, ambiguous things should for sure be 2 or more
  - if actions are taken, it should always go in the triage channel
  - [ ] write up a doc to take a quick pass at moderation decision making (CoC)
2. Response to CoC violation
  - Individuals:
    - Messages should be removed, we need to set up removing messages from IRC that get bridged
      - (Nathan) You can't really remove a message from the IRC side
    - One warning given to offender
      - should this be public or private?
    - consequence of second offense is to be silenced in that room,
      - (Nathan) IRC has some special ban modes that let us share a banlist across multiple channels. I would suggest using this to link the ban list across all of our channels
    - any following incidents in any room results in a ban from conference.
      - (Nathan) Do we really want to codify these responses? I don't think there is really a one-size fits all sort of response. Some CoC violations should not be given a second chance. I would also like to note that quiets/bans don't need to be permanent. It can sometimes be enough to quiet someone for an hour and go fromthere.
  - Servers:
    - In the event that a particular server is allowing spammy registrations and messaging, we need to block them.
      - (Nathan) This feels very Matrix focused rather than IRC. On IRC, I would strongly suggest taking most actions against the host rather than the nickname (taking care for things like kiwiirc and the like which allow utilizing identd and other systems for banning)
    - Under what criteria will we decide on a block? Three spam accounts?
    - Having @prasket to do things like un-federate from Matrix, as needed.
    - escalation point to Libera netops for irc side
    - https://libera.chat/guides/bots

### Program Update (Nathan)
- not much here, need the links to pass to speakers, matrix rooms etc.
- social events are being worked on
- dealing with a few talk reschedules

### Conference platform frontend / bot update (Salt)
- backend has been worked on quite a bit
- frontend has been worked on as well
- number of key issues have been identified
- does anyone know anyone who knows typescript?
- we can't get guest access working, people will need to have a Matrix account in order to participate
  - still push for irc front-end and separate window for anonymous participation
- rooms needed to be recreated due to v9 requirements
- having some issues getting the bot to create rooms as of yet
- requests for bot functionality need to land sooner than later
- streamyard is where speakers and speaker wranglers will do their work, documents forthcoming

### Friday Sponsor Booth Crawl (Salt)
- Has AX had a chance to discuss the details of how to promote attendees visiting these?
- Deb welcomes your suggestions about how to get people to come to the sponsors virtual booths
  - scavenger hunt?
  - every sponsor will be in the same room
  - Deb will take some time to think more about this
  - dangle the title of master networker! hallway track hero, etc

### Adroll (Salt)
- Romeo has offered to make it, what should be included?
  - A blurb about how to vote on the costume contest
  - sponsors?
  - reminders where to find schedule
  - reminders how to use the bot
  - reminders about TeaGL and afterparty
  - reminder about CoC (w/ QR code to URL?)
  - how people get involved for next year/year-round

### 10/25 - New TODOs
- [ ] ask Minds Eye about additional characturer at bulk-rate add-on (Nathan)
- [ ] generate the speakers associated Matrix room (hopefully) before speaker email goes out (Tech)
- [ ] create spreadsheet to track speaker Mastadon/Twitter handles (Nathan)
- [ ] write up a doc to take a quick pass at moderation decision making (CoC)
- [ ] schedule a pre-conference staff meeting (Salt)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [x] Final Program (Rachel, Nathan)
- [x] 10/19: CoC update (Ben)
- [ ] approx 10/22 SeaGL theme (Ben)
- [ ] approx 10/26 Becoming OSI incubator project, give background about fiscal sponsors, vision of future (Salt, Deb, Ben)
  - Or maybe we could post it during the event as a big announcement thing. Invite Stefano to show up and talk for a few minutes to say how excited OSI is
- [ ] Social events (Deb, Ben)
- [ ] Announcement that color suggestions poll will close on friday week before seagl, voting will open monday of seagl week (Ben)
- [ ] (probably post-event) SeaGL Archive site and videos (Ben)

### Timeline
- ~~May 10 (Monday)*: Launch Keynote request for nominations~~
- ~~May 24 (at the earliest): Close Keynote nominations~~
- ~~June~~ ~~15~~ 24 ~~(Tuesday)**: CFP opens~~
- ~~July 12 (Monday)*: announce 2021 sponsorship opportunities~~
- ~~August 19 (Thursday)*: CFP closes~~
- ~~Week Of Aug 23 (choose w/ committee): CFP Review 1~~
- ~~Week Of~~ ~~Aug 30~~ ~~Sept 13 (choose w/ committee): Select Speakers~~
- ~~September~~ ~~6~~ ~~(Monday)*: Notify Speakers~~
- ~~October 8~~ ~~1st~~ ~~September 20~~ ~~(Monday): Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]~~
- ~~October 15~~ ~~8~~th ~~September 27~~ ~~(Monday)*: Finalize Program~~
- Week of October 11 ~~4~~ ~~September 20~~: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- Week of October 18 ~~11~~ ~~September 27~~: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- Weeks of October 18 & October 25: Tech training for volunteers
- October 31-Nov 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL, and they work (in VLC)!
- November 5-6 (Friday/Saturday)***: SeaGL 2021

`* means a blog post accompanies`  
`** there should be at least one additional blog post, asking for more specific things, halfway through the CFP being open`

### Next Meeting
- Next regular weekly all-hands: Monday, November 1 @ 5pm PT
  - This is the LAST meeting before the conference!!!

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming and Flow: Tuesday, October 26 @ 17:00 PT
- Outreach: Tuesday, October 26 @ 12:00 PT
- Tech: Wednesday, October 27 @ 17:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Monday, October 25 @ 18:00 PT, after all-hands

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Salt: appreciates all of us for the work we're doing 
- Ben: could we hold our staff meetings in Matrix vs. jitsi?, excited - 12 days, lets get it done
- Nathan: just a few more tasks, then time to go on vacation
- Don/sntxrr:  proud of how things are going, a little scared, but much less freaked out vs. last year
- Rachel: much less freaked out about it this time
- Deb:  a nice level of frantic, doesn't think there will be "we didn't get to that important thing" afterwards
- Norm: needs a matrix account, will work on that, scheduled a few days with Hans to go over things
- Lacey: going to take a stab at moderation thingy, assuming brain power is there. Racial slur = ban, undebatable things
- Keith: looking forward to finalizing things with Don, home stretch!
- Sri: <talking with hands>


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->



