# 2021-04-05 SeaGL 2021 bi-weekly all-hands
- April 5th, 2021. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/staff/issues/1)
- [Shared Pad](https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2021_all-hands)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Rachel, Andrew, Nathan, der.hans, Salt
- Apologies: Keith
- Facilitator: der.hans
- Note Taker(s): Ben

### Metrics (previous --> current)

### Previous meeting feedback
- SeaGL <3 <3
- Was a productive meeting
- Glad we're aligned
- Rachel has agenda items for the next meeting (allegedly. She doesn't recall having agenda items)

### Previous meeting TODOs
- [ ] communicate our save-the-date
  - [x] Blog post
  - [ ] Social media (Hans will get info and put it on Mastodon)
  - [x] website updates (Andrew and Rachel)
- [ ] begin process of moving away from FSF as a fiscal sponsor
  - [ ] make a list of what FSF has control over, has their name on etc.
    - storage unit
    - ???
  - [x] start a thread on 2021 list (Hans)
  - [ ] Let John Sullivan know (Deb)
- [ ] document the new project management system, based on https://github.com/features/project-management/ (Salt)
- [ ] finalize committee descriptions, https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/seagl_2020_domain_descs (Salt)
- [ ] fill out SeaGL 2021 staff seats (Salt)
  - Impresario (Salt)
  - Programming & Flow (Rachel and Nathan)
  - Finance (Hans and Jeff?)
  - Attendee Experience (Deb? and ?)
  - Promotion & Outreach (Ben and ?)
  - Partnerships (Hans? and ?)
  - SRE/Technical (sntxrr and Keith)
  - Volunteers (? and ?)
  - IDEA (? and ?)
  - Code of Conduct (? and ?)
- [ ] set up asynchronous method to review feedback from last year (Salt)
- [x] announce regular meeting time, Mondays at 5pm PT (Salt)
- [ ] make progress on 2020 videos, https://github.com/SeaGL/tech/issues/18
- [ ] make progress on 2020 speaker swag (Salt)
- [ ] compile list of blog posts that need writing (Ben): https://hackmd.io/VxvHzStCSNGuKrEuH6jQdg
- [ ] begin filling out 2021 timeline (Everyone)

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails

## Agenda

### Committee leaders

#### Finance
- feedback from thread to change fiscal sponsor
  - Creating our own non-profit was the lowest-ranked option
  - Software Freedom Conservancy was the top choice
  - This should be a whole-team decision, not the decision of a single committee
  - Salt is strongly of the opinion that starting our own org is the way to go.
  - Rachel: it's basically up to the people doing the work
  - Nathan: but it's also about the future SeaGLers
  - Salt: In this region, it would be nice to have an org pushing free/libre in general. I'm going to propose in a longer form an umbrella org that SeaGL would be the initial part of.
  - Hans: we need to have a dedicated meeting for this because it's a longer topic.

##### Todos
- [ ] Hans to talk to Salt and Deb about our options and contact the various sponsors

#### Program
- OSEM Update?
  - still have hosting unknowns
  - [ ] organize tech meeting (Salt will prod)
  - [ ] send intro email for Andrew and Hager (der.hans)
- Putting out call for volunteers

### Fiscal sponsor

### Project management
- Salt created a GitHub issue and started to create an overall project board. The idea is that when things happen, we need to make an issue for them.

#### Todos
- [ ] Salt to create GitHub issues for all of tonight's issues

### 2021 timeline
- When will the Program Committee have ideas on the CfP is open, etc?
  - Nathan: we need to get our committee together. Probably in a month.
- When do we need to make a decision for virtual or in-person?
  - Nathan: Before the CfP opens
  - Rachel; Probably mid-May. I'd love to have something in person, but it's probably okay to just call it. Hybrid would be cool but that would be AV-tough.
- Salt: Let's decide by end of April/first May meeting

### 2020 wrap-up
- Salt: I'm not sure the best way to approach it. I'm thinking create an issue and create a timeline and instead of expecting people to read everything, bring three positivies one opportunity to the next meeting.

## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- new volunteer, Hager, for web and tech and for promotion and outreach
- OLF is leaning towards early December
- LAS is May 13th to 15th, Salt can announce  upcoming cfp there

## Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- look forward to having a committee soon
- good meeting, excited about everything coming together
- look forward to having year 2 of virtual event

## Meeting adjourned!
