# Seagl AX M*: back to school!

### attendees:
    Salt
    Sen
    Dina
    
## Agenda: go over timeline

## Afterparty:
-Ada's tech books has offered their space for friday social (2025-11-07), more details to come.

## Deadlines:
  ### Salt:
- [ ] 9/22 FINAL DEADLINE FOR VENUE CHANGES
    - also when deposit is due
- currently I have these rooms registered 8a-6p (largest holds 400, mids hold 140, smallest holds 40): lyceum, 145, 332, 334, and 340 (40 ppl), also 160 (food staging), main street, main lounge. and 307 (overnight storage), also 340 (thursday testing)

    - will likely have these for talk rooms: 145 (138 ppl), 332 (120 ppl), 334 (132 ppl)

    - confirm with Dina we can do 3 rooms

    - these are all 8a-6p, keynotes last year started at 9, talk talks started at 10:30, ended at 5:50

    - may consider moving thursday testing to wednesday? (check with aj, sen, andrew, ??, for availability)

    - may also want to change room to one of the ones we're keeping?

    - will likely keep street and 160 for other spaces

    - currently have 7a-11p, should drop this down (7:30 on sat?)

    - 307 is currently 7:30a-11p, but probably want lower unless we need daytime storage (aka coat room+)

    - extend 145 on saturday for social

    - last year we had lyceum til 6:30, but no talks after teagl

    - this year we likely have talks through 6pm

    - having social 6-7pm?

    - 7-7:30 attendees suggested going to big time but allowed to mingle

    - 7:30 sponsor tables need to be shut down

    - 8pm everything seagl out of building

    - new contract

    - thursday (?? or wednesday)

    - 340: 1-5p

    (?? check with everyone)

    - friday

    - main street: 7a-11p

    - 160F: 7a-6p

    - 145, 332, 334, 340?: 8a-6p

    (?? need to confirm we need 340, and if so only on fri or both days)

    - 307: 6-11p

    - saturday

    - 307: 8a-8:30a

    (?? ask if we can pay to get in earlier)

    - main street, 160f: 8a-8p

    - 332, 334: 8a-6p

    - 145: 8a-7p

    - asks

    - add table 21


## Event timeline(s):

### friday

`0630` start load-in from CMU 306 (storage) 

`0700` setup starts

`0800` door open

`0900` conference open/first keynote (RM 145)

`1000 - 1230` morning talks (RM 145, 332, 334, 340)

`1230 - 1400` lunch

`1400 - 1530` afternoon talks (RM 145, 332, 334, 340)

`1530 - 1600` teagl

`1600 - 1800` evening talks (RM 145, 332, 334, 340)

`1700` pack up all tables

`1800` conference end/load-out

`1900` close and lock doors



### saturday 

`0800 - 0900` start load-in from HUB 307/door open/setup

`0900 - 1000` conference open/first keynote (RM 145)

`1000 - 1230` morning talks (RM 145, 332, 334, 340)

`1230 - 1400` lunch

`1400 - 1530` afternoon talks (RM 145, 332, 334, 340)

`1530 - 1600`  teagl

`1600 - 1800` evening talks  (RM 145, 332, 334, 340)

`1700` pack up all tables

`1800` conference end/load-out 

`1800 - 1900` social onsite

`1900 - 1930` start pushing people to bigtime

`2000`  close and lock doors / load-out to CMU 306


### sunday

`1100 - 1300` volunteer dim-sum

`1400 - 1500` transfer from CMU 306 to PublicStorage


## Table map:
```
                                                                            _
   [ 19 ]  [ 17 ]  [ 15 ]  [ 13 ]  [ 11 ]  [ 09 ]  [ 07 ]  [ 05 ]  [ 03 ]  | |
 _                                                                         |0|
| |                                                                        |1|
|2|                                                                        |_|  
|1|                                                                        | |
|_|                                                                        |0|
                                                                           |2|
   [ 20 ]  [ 18 ]  [ 16 ]  [ 14 ]  [ 12 ]  [ 10 ]  [ 08 ]  [ 06 ]  [ 04 ]  |_|

```
    1-6 Seagl (reserved) ( at least 1 - 4 )

    1-2: info/registration (if needbe, badge decoration)

    3: badge decoration (or food if compressing)

    4: tech station

    5: stickers/badge decoration/sent sponsor material

    6: food

    17-20 ada's / discotech OR 18 -21 (if possible)
    7-16/17 sponsors (self serve)


## TODOs
- [ ] get matrix server up by oct 1 so we can have people start signing up when program is announced (tech)
- [ ] submit venue change request (salt)
- [ ] reserve big time for saturday, 7:30p (salt)
- [ ] reserve dim sum for sunday, 11a (salt) [this can be done closer to event]
- [ ] begin figuring out adas afterparty details (salt)
- [ ] confirm CMU 306 usage (salt) [this can be done closer to event]
- [ ] figure out how many of the 10-11 sponsor booths are assigned (partnerships)
- [x] cleanup and capture these notes (sen)
- [ ] build schedule in pretalx (dina)
- [ ] add agenda for next ax meeting (sen)

    - coffee? make vs donation

    - https://www.ebay.com/itm/286750221258

    - adas after party

    - inventory buys? lanyards...

    - begin building print-order

    - update map (participant and volunteer/staff), add AEDs, info desk, etc

    - signage location list

    - what is seagl sign/handout

    - buy first aid kit?

    - costco snack list

    - teagl tea swap?
     

### Executive summary:

What meeting number is this..? Well, who knows really. Time is flat circle, spinning like a top at an 
incomprehensible speed on the back of the Great Cosmic Turtle. Round and round and round we go, where we stop...
Well... you know the rest. In any case this was a very good meeting, it lasted 3 hrs and much was covered.
I (sen) am certainly feeling much better about the state of things. See y'all next week!
