


**SeaGL 2025 AX Meeting: 1 Week: 13 2025-03-28 **



Attendees: Sen, Salt, Angel, Alfredo



# updates from last time



Robin has agreed to do TeaGL (yaay)



# Signage and Graphics

## Style guide 



Do we have one? what fonts/colours do we use typically etc. A: yes yes we do

Yay for dark mode!

[https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/458](https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/458)

Dark Patch logo?



# Long term Assets (LTA) \& Consumables

## ToDo

- inventory - just before LFNW (probably) 

## Whats the budget?

for consumables like: 

- snacks ($377 2024 cost)

- office 

   * - tape


todo:

    define (some sort) an inventory management system

    define: what every committee needs

   define quantity of volunteers needed

   



## timeline



inventory:

    see what we have: 1 month 

    Sen: will do this sometime (around) LFNW

    

snacks/consumables

   * budget: $300-$400
   * purchase: 2-3 days
   * art supplies: Seattle Recreative
   * snacks: wherever
   * 

teagl:

    ~~find someone to do it/ourselves: 2 months~~ robin is doing it (yaay agasin) 

    

photography:

    find someone to do it: 2 months

   * Added to volunteer list including list of shots we want (speakers, keynotes, staff etc)
    

afterparty:

    notes: could be held on prem

    find somethere to do it: 3 months

    sponsor: 3 months

    

Matrix space rooms:

    todo: determine # of volunteers necessary

    set layout: 1 month

    Use one room for all keynotes, not separate rooms

    MUST have volunteer to support attendees and speakers on Matrix during conference

    Have a room for attendees to chat/hang out and make food plans outside of conference?

    





links:



: [https://seagl.org/news/2022/11/03/SeaGL-2022-hang-ten](https://seagl.org/news/2022/11/03/SeaGL-2022-hang-ten)

: [https://seagl.org/news/2022/10/07/Building-a-virtual-SeaGL](https://seagl.org/news/2022/10/07/Building-a-virtual-SeaGL)

[https://www.holacracy.org/how-it-works/constitutional-management/](https://www.holacracy.org/how-it-works/constitutional-management/)



Executive summary:

AX M1 met on a *different* galene instance that is *also* administered by Sen.



Sen discovered the style guide while developing a dark mode for the SeaGL website

   * also: new dark mode for the seagl website


Sen spoke with Robin offline who agreed to do TeaGL again this year.



Salt mentions coffee should *ideally* be donated in liquid form



Sen will do inventory *sometime* in april, as they will be in WA to attend LFNW. 

   * This initial form will most likely be a spreadsheet.


Angel brought up the need to ask every comittee for a list of their necessary supplies,

in order to determine purchasing/inventory requirements for all of seagl.



There was futher discussion of whether inventory should be its own *thing* in SeaGL, managed by entites seperate from ax/av-devops, and this is stil an open question.



Salt \& Alfredo elucidated on the previous forms and ways event photography has been executed in years past, there was discussion of attempting to get a photograph for every speaker (as a means of identifying and ensuring they get their gift), some sort of photo op space (featuring our mascot patch) and our planned keynote space for this year.



Discussion of the keynote space teed into the afterparty discussion, where it was revealed onsite could serve as the the party venue, given the college is properly notifed in advance. This would mean significant cost savings over using an offsite venue. This is all contingent of course on the party receiving a fiscal sponsor  (fingers crossed)



Salt explained some of the heierarchy and structure of the matrix space, which revealed specific volunteer requirements that were notated by Angel. 



There were other miscellanous discussions involving places to find volunteers, grocery prices, and Batman (as portrayed by Adam West)



Key takeaways:

   * Inventory *really* needs to happen as this determines our budgetary requirements.
   * Sen \& Angel should collaborate as commitee chairs to determine volunteer staffing requirements.
       * *Note: Sen will attend Volunteer M0 on 2025-04-05T17:00:00:00-7:00 and Volunteer M1-Mx thereafter to facilitate this.*
   * Salt is tired.
   * Alfredo *also* likes galene.



















