<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2025 Organizing Cross-Committee
- Monday, November 17, 2025. 5pm Pacific Time (2025-11-18 01:00 UTC)
- Monday, November 24, 2025. 5pm Pacific Time (2025-11-25 01:00 UTC)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_2025_organizing)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2025_organizing)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2025)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [Communication Channels](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/collectives/SeaGL%20wiki/All%20Staff/Communication%20Channels?fileId=44755)
- [Staff onboarding request form](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/s/PE76H74M2nJHAYAc6afRr7Qq)
- [2025 Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2025)
- [2025 Shared Calendar](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/calendar/p/2xY4zLXsMGoamerT)
- [2025 Calendar iCal](https://cloud.seagl.org/remote.php/dav/public-calendars/2xY4zLXsMGoamerT?export)
- [2024 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2024/20241118-retrospective.md)
- [Gantt Chart](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/f/5623)

## Procedural
### Check-in round (2025-11-17)
- Attendees: Alfredo, Norm, AJ, Linnea, Angel, dina, sen
- Apologies: Andrew
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): 

### Check-in round (2025-11-24)
- Attendees: Alfredo, sen, Matt, Angel, Norm, AJ, Kim, Juan
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): 

## Breath of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Reminder: focus is on the 2025 event, not 2026
-->

### Metrics
- Staff:
  - Chairs: 8
    - All-staff Attendees: 16
    - At-event Volunteers: 
- Attendees:
  - Total number of "attendees" (onsite, off, etc.): 
  - Number of in-person attendees: 
    - "Registered": 116
    - Remaining badges: less than 50? (AJ took 12 badges back to work, so add 12 to this count)
    - Sessions: 
      |           | R1 | R2 | R3 | R4 |
      | --------- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
      | Fri 09:10 | 60 |    |    |    |
      | Fri 09:40 | 75 |    |    |    |
      | Fri 10:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 11:00 | 34 | 14 |  5 | 20 |
      | Fri 11:30 |  9 | 21 | 28 | 12 |
      | Fri 12:00 |    |    | 21 | 20 |
      | Fri 14:00 | 14 | 36 | 19 |  1 |
      | Fri 15:00 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 16:00 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 16:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 17:00 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 17:30 | 27 |  8 | 19 | 12 |
      | Sat 09:10 | 54 |    |    |    |
      | Sat 09:40 | 50 |    |    |    |
      | Sat 10:30 | 31 | 21 | 15 |    |
      | Sat 11:30 | 18 | 20 | 28 |    |
      | Sat 14:00 | 19 | 12 | 34 |    |
      | Sat 15:00 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 16:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 17:00 |    |    |    |    |
    - Friday social: 
    - Saturday social: 
    - TeaGL swap: 15
  - Number of virtual attendees: 
  - Accounts in Matrix space: 135
  - Accounts in “Hallway” room: 109
  - Accounts in sessions rooms:
    | Room                                          | Attendees |
    | --------------------------------------------- | --------- |
  - Viewers of live streams: 
  - Non-staff/test accounts registered on ephemeral homeserver: 61
  - Ephemeral homeserver device registration count, excluding staff:
      | Number of devices registered | Users in population |
      |----------------------------- | ------------------- |
      |                            2 |                   5 |
      |                            3 |                   3 |
      |                            1 |                  50 |
  - Ephemeral homeserver device registration User-Agents, excluding staff:
      | Count | Browser:Platform       |
      | ----- | ---------------------- |
      | 14    | Chrome:macOS           |
      | 12    | Firefox:Linux          |
      | 7     | Mobile Safari:iOS      |
      | 7     | Firefox:Windows        |
      | 6     | Safari:macOS           |
      | 6     | Chrome:Windows         |
      | 4     | Mobile Chrome:Android  |
      | 3     | Mobile Firefox:Android |
      | 3     | Chrome:Linux           |
      | 1     | Mobile Chrome:macOS    |
      | 1     | GSA:iOS                |
      | 1     | Firefox:Ubuntu         |
      | 1     | Firefox:macOS          |
      | 1     | Edge:Linux             |
      | 1     | DuckDuckGo:iOS         |
      | 1     | Chrome:Chrome_OS       |
      Note that "Mobile Chrome:macOS" is Chrome for iOS with "Request desktop site" enabled.
  - number only attending keynotes: 
- Presenters:
  - CFP Submissions: 98
  - Submitted Speakers: 61
  - Accepted Speakers: 41
  - Rejected Speakers: 20
  - Accepted Talks: 52
  - Rejected Talks: 42
  - Withdrawn Talks: 8
  - Canceled Talks: 4
  - Keynote Nominations: 35
  - Confirmed Keynotes: 4
  - Office Hours attended: 
- Outreach:
  - Social Shares: 
    - Mastodon Total posts: 
    - Mastodon total followers: 
      - Mentions all 2025: 
    - Bluesky total followers: 
      - Mentions all 2025: 
    - X/Twitter total followers: 
      - Mentions all 2025: 
    - Facebook followers: 
    - LinkedIn: 
  - Blog Posts: 8 (9 if we get thanks out before end-of-year)
- Partnerships:
  - Ambassadors: 
    - not yet started
  - Sponsors:
    - Paying: 4
    - Media: 5
    - Community: 17
- Anything else?

### 2025 tasks yet-to-be-closed
<!--
Status updates only. Indicate items for further discussion with `[>]` and copy after `### New Items` below.
-->

#### 09/15
- [<] ask UW professors about extra credit/assignment alternative for volunteering with SeaGL (Salt)

#### 09/22
- [-] respond to lpi ted (Salt)

#### 10/20
- [<] research OBS web UIs (Andrew T?)

#### 11/03
- [x] fill out load-in form if available fri/sat morning (everyone)
  - https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/s/SCbBkykoPXmYG26s59i9KjFM
- [-] add masked required room volunteer role (Angel)
  - job: swap sign, distribute (or at least put box of available masks by door) at beginning of talks
- [x] social posts for forms: registration, feedback, volunteer, schedule (alfredo)
- [x] talk to Adam about making it the key signing party (salt)

---

### New Items for discussion at Retrospective
<!--
#### Item Subject (item facilitator)
-->

#### Thank Yous
- We have a bunch of thank-yous to send. Salt needs help
- speakers
  - need preferences for receiving speaker gifts
    - [ ] create list of speaker who didn't receive gifts (??)
      - sounds like all speakers aside from remote received gifts
  - [ ] draft speaker thank-you email (??)
- sponsors
  - [ ] create list of sponsors to thank (??)
  - [ ] draft sponsor thank-you email (??)
- fiscal sponsor
  - thanks to OSI for helping with sponsorships, contracts, etc.
  - [ ] draft OSI thank-you email (??)
- volunteers
  - gifts aspect also
  - include everyone
  - ask if they want to get more involved
  - room monitor -> dim sum -> staff pipeline
  - [ ] draft volunteer thank-you email (Angel)
    - probably similar to speaker one
- attendees
  - seagl-announce with dates and what we plan for next year
  - include volunteer pipeline
  - [ ] draft attendee thank-you email (??)
  - [ ] draft thank-you blog post (??)
    - include save-the-date
    - include year-round keynote form
    - include call for volunteers and general timeline
    - specific call for committee coordinators
- venue
  - Thank the venue and say whether or not we want to work with them again
  - confirmation of receipt of payment, make sure that there are no nickles and dimes
  - [ ] draft venue thank-you email (??)
- keynotes
  - specialized email for each keynoter
  - information about reimbursements
  - [ ] draft keynote thank-you email (??)
- [ ] send thank-you emails (Salt)
- one or two people working on drafts that can be edited?
  - salt can edit, but first drafts are hard

#### Swag Shipping
- should goto speakers, volunteers, and paid sponsors
- how is shipping actually going to happen?
  - Salt has proven to not be good at this...
- significant discount if we ship most at one time?
  - question: what does this entail?
- refer back to "Thank Yous" speaker section

#### Reimbursements
- get yours in!
  - open an issue with the reimbursement template on GitHub
- December 15th hard deadline
  - otherwise... thank you for your donation.

#### Next Year Kick-off Date Selection
- probably January or February
- no seagl expectations for second half of december and first half of january
- expect scheduling poll for kick-off around January 15th
- will likely have weekly meetings for first month or so
  - also, request to give recommendations to how committees should structure/meet

---

### Feedback Form Review
- https://seagl.org/feedback
- https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/8F22zMx2J6Z7yE8L/results

#### Process
- Salt will screenshare and go through the responses
- Each response will be discussed
- Relevant feedback will be captured below in appropriate committee

---

### Committee Additions
#### Process
- Each committee should go through how they felt things went and add any specific suggestions of things to consider from their committee's context
- The group will decide what is toDONE, bikeshed'ed, or what we tWONTdo
- new TODOs are added to the relevant committee

<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide

#### Committee Coordinators
- Attendee Experience (AX): Sen
- A/V & DevOps: AJ
- Finance: Norm
- IDEA: 
- Partnerships: Kim
- Policy & Protocol: 
- Programming & Flow: Dina
- Promotion & Outreach: Alfredo
- Volunteers: Angel
- Impresario: Salt
-->

---

#### Attendee Experience (AX)
##### Feedback
- For 2026: we should print a new large way finding sign that has a higher resolution, but we should do it in October so that it isn't a last minute crunchtime thing.
- Talk information pages should indicate whether speakers require masks
- I didn't know there would be pizza at the Day 1 social in Ada's, so I ordered dinner myself before pizza arrived. But, there were no vegan pizza options anyway, so I luckily didn't miss out on too much. Still, it would nice to know both pieces info ahead of time.
- Coffee should have a nice sign thanking the sponsor.
- Talks that are not being recorded should be marked with the no camera symbol on the printed badge
- Towels for drying stuff in the kitchen
- AJ should be less conspicuous when not bleeding.
- AJ looked really fucking weird walking across the room during the talk.
- Sponsor list info taped to the tables. e.g. sponsor name, when they should make sure to pick up belongings from locked room etc.
- Measurement cup for coffee
- ALL QR CODES SHOULD HAVE URLS UNDER THEM (my bad...)
- Aside from SeaGL Support, would it make sense to have a room that all speakers/tables are asked to join? Might take some pressure off your staff when checking in with speakers/tables
  - we already have these in Matrix
  - unsure if we can support more check-in tables
  - consider more explicit "tracks" at check-in table
- Signage was great inside and out: Made navigating the venue quick and easy.
- Hallway was great.
- I scheduled my stay in Seattle so that I would check out of my hotel on Saturday (Day 2), thinking I would be able to take the last Amtrak train of the day back home, meaning I would have to leave the conference around 6:30pm that day. When I booked my travel at the time, I thought it was OK since there were no more conference events after that, so I wouldn't miss anything. But sometime during the conference, the Saturday social at Big Time Brewery was announced, so I felt bummed out at first for not being able to attend. In hindsight, I'm not sure if I'd be able to go anyway as it would've cost me another hotel night which I'm not sure I'd be able to pay. I think one social event on Day 1 was enough for a 2-day conference anyway, but if you're gonna hold a 2nd one, I'd rather it be on Day 0 instead of on Day 2.

##### Discussion
- [ ] create a Job hiring/seeking board
- [ ] Buy delicate painters tape for posters on walls
  - delicate surface painters tape (e.g. frogtape)
- [ ] Buy more multi-coloured sharpies for badge table 
  - Put them in a container to help them not walk away
- Canceled Talks announcements
  - In Matrix Space
  - In Announcements Space
  - Change Matrix Space name to say canceled

##### Signage
- Reserve wheelchair areas to clarify taped off areas
  - Include "Please Keep Clear" signs
  - [ ] check-in with Dawn about what laminated signs didn't work for floor
- Cross off any canceled speakers on the door schedules
- [ ] create separate Guest wifi signage from staff, exhibitor, speaker, etc
- [ ] Create laminated/branded reserved signs for tables

##### Badges
- Keynotes didn't have the room number
- Keynotes came after the talks in the booklet
- Schedule/keynote order was confusing for people
- [ ] add note: schedule might change, check online for latest updates (maybe a QR code directly to the Pretalx changelog)
- People continue to enjoy upside-down design

##### TeaGL
- form was good, easy to extend deadline
- more time to buy tea would have been nice
- running discotech and teagl was chaotic
- [ ] clarify expectations around price/amount of tea
- maybe do more explicit matching (e.g. magic 8 balls together)

##### Venue
- didn't get extra trash without request
  - would also like paper/plastic recycle and compost
- wasn't open on-time saturday despite paying, any doors weren't open til after 8, all doors weren't open until after 12pm - despite repeated requests at the information desk
- keynote room being full felt good, wasn't quite standing-room only though
  - also worked well for regular talks, seemingly
- if enough paid sponsors, extend into lounge
- did we really need to pay for overnight street?
  - we could have re-layed wire and tablecloths
- There was a conversation about sponsors chipping in for overnight street security or making them pay for overnight room access
  - No one was there to get their stuff out of the storage room at 8am, we did it all
- lots of questions about parking
  - [ ] add explicit instructions for exhibitor unloading
  - [ ] add note about day rate vs hourly

##### Ada's Social
- went great, keynote band at technical book store, free pizza
- guessed correctly on pizza
- auction didn't go great
  - should we have provided more coordination?
- transportation was not ideal, especially on public transit, poor parking options
  - maybe give estimated costs of splitting lyft
  - walking map from 1-line on website
- being far away was not ideal

##### Saturday Socials
- in-room social little-to-no-planning
  - having closing keynotes would help bring people into room
- bigtime felt less full, but still very loud
- nice to have bring-a-board game or some other less-conversation dependent activity

##### DiscoTech
- expected 4 tables, got 3
- [ ] have "reserved" signage for tables

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs
- [ ] check-in with Dawn about what laminated signs didn't work for floor
- [ ] ask venue why doors weren't opened on-time Saturday (salt)

##### TODOs for 2026
- [ ] print a new large way finding sign that has a higher resolution
- [ ] talk information pages should indicate whether speakers require masks
- [ ] better inform attendees of when there will be food provided and what dietary restrictions are being accounted for
- [ ] coffee (and other add-ons) should have a nice sign thanking the sponsor
- [ ] talks that are not being recorded should be marked with the no camera symbol on the printed badge, door sign, etc.
- [ ] purchase towels for drying stuff in the kitchen
- [ ] tape Sponsor info card to their table (e.g., sponsor name, when they should make sure to pick up belongings from locked room, etc.)
- [ ] buy measurement cup for coffee percolator
- [ ] buy coffee percolator cleaning tool
- [ ] ALL QR CODES SHOULD HAVE URLS UNDER THEM (my bad...)
- [ ] create a Job hiring/seeking board
- [ ] buy delicate surface painters tape for posters on walls
- [ ] buy more multi-coloured sharpies for badge table 
  - Put them in a container to help them not walk away
- [ ] create check-list for canceled talks announcements
  - In Matrix Space
  - In Announcements Space
  - Change Matrix Space name to say canceled
- [ ] create separate "guest wifi" signage, also for staff, exhibitor, speaker, etc.
- [ ] create laminated/branded "reserved" signs for tables
- [ ] add room number to keynote listing in program booklet
- [ ] consider schedule/keynote order in program booklet
- [ ] add note about "schedule might change, check online for latest updates" to program booklet
- [ ] extend time between TeaGL sign-up and event
- [ ] clarify expectations around price/amount of tea to exchange
- [ ] consider more explicit matching of TeaGL participants
- [ ] request additional trash, recycling, and compost bins from venue
- [ ] consider not paying for overnight street hours
- [ ] consider having sponsors pay for overnight locked room
- [ ] clarify when sponsors have to setup saturday morning
- [ ] add explicit parking instructions for exhibitors unloading
- [ ] add note about day rate vs hourly parking on campus
- [ ] add additional directions if there are off-site social event venues
- [ ] consider less conversation-dependent activities at social events
- [ ] consider social event on Day 0 instead of Day 2

##### Important Links

---

#### A/V & DevOps
##### Feedback
- It'd be nice if, when platforms fetch a link preview, that Pretalx would return the social-media-talk-preview-sharable image we generate. (seasocgraph repo)
- Stream Sprout does not support RTMPS
- it's annoying to have room counts go into onsite orchestration, because room counts aren't actionable nor are they fires
- If you are signed in as a Pretalx admin, the Speakers page 404s.
  - this is because you didn't have high enough permissions
- I want to be alerted if YouTube Studio shows "Poor" connection quality
- Ansible (?) script to create YouTube streams with the same settings automatically.
- we (I) should have complete documentation on the tech ops needed to a) transition the conference to the next day and b) shut down the conference on day 2
- "Stop doing the thing about room 12. Don’t need to pick emojis if you don’t do the thing you don’t need any more."
  - this is about the horrible room v12 hack that I put in Patch right before the conference, that spams :see_no_evil: emojis in the logs
- Required training for AV OPs: https://www.wikihow.com/Be-Stealthy
- A/V worked without a hitch, I just plugged in and the display and mic worked great.
- Audio in the livestream/recording seemed to have some issues (podium and room mics fighting, didn't know the mic was hot before & after talk), but I didn't have to worry about any of that as I was giving my talk, so I was stoked.

##### Discussion
- install HDMI strippers by default in all rooms
- Include registration QR on ad roll in rooms
- Get Patch to manage the YouTube stream title
- Make sure there's an tech person per room for when talks are done for the day to get tech out of the rooms ASAP
- things seemed less on-fire than last two years
- a/v & devops a bit of a blackbox to folks not in the committee
  - how the magic happens
  - hard to know when crunchtime is coming up
- still need editors for videos
- there were people excited about possibility of streaming on peertube
- how do we communicate the timeline for video archive uploads?
- documentation for video editing is out of date with new pipeline
  - hopefully we have enough redundant a/v streams to get two big files, sync based on common audio track, then do cuts

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs
- [ ] edit and release videos

##### TODOs for 2026
- [ ] fix all of our opengraph social link previews, prioritize pretalx and website
- [ ] remember that Stream Sprout does not support RTMPS
- [ ] figure out where room counts should go, not in onsite orchestration
- [ ] install HDMI strippers by default in all rooms
- [ ] submit bug report for how Pretalx admin handles lack of permissions (e.g., shouldn't 404 on Speakers page)
- [ ] get alerts if YouTube Studio shows "Poor" connection quality
- [ ] create script to create YouTube streams with the same settings automatically
- [ ] write complete documentation on the tech ops to a) transition the conference to the next day and b) shut down the conference on day 2
- [ ] address matrix room v12 hack
- [ ] required training for AV OPs: https://www.wikihow.com/Be-Stealthy
- [ ] include registration QR on ad roll in rooms
- [ ] have Patch to manage the YouTube stream title

##### Important Links

---

#### Finance
##### Feedback

##### Discussion
- pex worked well, aj still needs a cc

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs
- [ ] Sync books and budget. Expected vs real numbers
- [ ] make sure aj gets a credit card

##### TODOs for 2026
- [ ] update individual donation receipt email text (esp. change social media links)

##### Important Links

---

#### IDEA
##### Feedback

##### Discussion
- sad that we never got a chair for this
- really should try to make it a focus **BEFORE CFP**
- want to become CHAOSS certified
  - https://chaoss.community/diversity-and-inclusion-badging/
- registration form question about under representation, seemed like half-of a question
  - older white dudes didn't understand what this was about
  - [ ] add couple of sentences explaining under representation section
  - people couldn't express what they didn't feel was represented
    - would adding an explicit statement on the website be of value?

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026
- [ ] apply for CHAOSS D&I badging
- [ ] work on registration question about under representation, add explanation, add space to express what wasn't represented

##### Important Links
- https://chaoss.community/diversity-and-inclusion-badging/

---

#### Partnerships
##### Feedback
- we should partner with All Things Open much earlier next year for promotion
- Maybe an option for Non-exhibitors sponsor table to have stickers, QR codes, and/or presentation board.  Probably too much work or defeats the purpose of non-exhibiting.
- Why are the limited-availability sponsorship opportunities strictly add-ons to existing sponsorship levels? If a potential sponsor felt strongly about providing childcare (semi-arbitrary example), but their budget could not support Bronze + childcare (as it is a fairly expensive add-on), would we want to decline their sponsorship or guide them to an option that doesn't align as strongly with their intended goals? That feels odd.
- When accepting packages for sponsors/partners, ask what should be done (if anything) with leftover items.
- Sponsors... I'm worried about that. Sounds like there were some major funding dropouts this year? I'm happy to help more with sponsorship reach-outs in the future. I don't have direct contact with potential sponsors, but I do have secondary connections and I'm happy to followup with any warm leads.

##### Discussion
- need to be ready with prospectus by february latest

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs
- [ ] send partner thank yous
- [ ] "please shut up and take my money" - AJ with $dayjob hat on

##### TODOs for 2026
- [ ] partner with All Things Open much earlier next year for cross-promotion
- [ ] consider an option for Non-exhibitors sponsor table to have stickers, QR codes, and/or presentation board
- [ ] consider changing "add-on" language so that budget constrained partners that feel strongly about one can select without the level cost
- [ ] ask what should be done (if anything) with leftover items that are shipped to us

##### Important Links

---

#### Policy & Protocol

##### Feedback

##### Discussion
- some feedback about masks: there should be big instruction sheet/diagram about putting on mask
- during cfp or before (8/5), someone was comparing mask policies with northbay python, was positive about having actually stated policy
  - on 8/6 someone (different person) mentioned that seagl had weakened mask policy to point of uselessness
  - this feedback was expected
  - we don't mention anywhere airfilters in each room
    - but can we since they are university provided?
- this year worked better, having masks at the door was helpful
- we didn't do a good job of tracking aqi numbers per talk, per room

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026
- [ ] make it explicit if speaker requested no recording, attendees are expected not to record either
- [ ] track aqi numbers per talk, per room
- [ ] consider adding photography policy, especially if we create a volunteer role for this
  - need an indicator of not wanting to be in photos

##### Important Links

---

#### Programming & Flow
##### Feedback
- Discuss shortening titles as a mandatory thing for speakers. This will help with the program, door schedules, socials posts, etc...
- When we're accepting papers we should have explicitly modeled fields for social media handles. Specifically, it'd be helpful if each of the top-N major ones had a field for the speaker's bare handle, and then for any platforms not listed a separate field for full URLs.
- spoke with dina about this already, but add the remote talk question on the talk submission form instead of it being on the speaker info form
  - alternatively, ask upstream to add flag to talk api for any talk with a speaker who has selected remote
- we should maybe just have a note in Pretalx next year saying we reserve the right to make light editorial edits to talk descriptions. it's silly that we had to email speakers this year about grammar, etc., and it comes up in other places too. I'm thinking about https://github.com/SeaGL/seasocgraph/blob/3c63272a879e7cd5943208060c4a1f00b94f936c/README.md?plain=1#L9. there's also Matrix space room IDs (I don't think anyone's going to really notice these or think it's unreasonable, tbh, but I feel kind of weird compressing speakers' talk titles without talking to them *anyway*) and maybe other places too, who knows
- All speakers who require masks should be in one room for ease of setup
- Opening Keynotes on Friday, Closing keynotes on Saturday.
- Add two questions to pretalx for CFP, one asking if recording of talk can be released on archive under appropriate license and the other about if it is okay to stream the talk.  Within the stream question make sure it is clear that we cannot guarantee that other people watching the stream won't make and distribute their own recordings.
- Include question about underrepresented groups in pretalx speaker fields.
- Add streaming yes/no acknowledgement field to CfP

##### Discussion
- went well, lots of messages from speakers, excited to come back next year
- nice to get Dawn's help, discussion about co-chairing next year, especially to have roaming vs check-in person
- two issues, timmy's mic not working, josh computer going out mid-way, mic issue was not reliable for many people
- cfp tried to decrease title length, need to do more
- remote needs to be session type
- confusion about things being streamed
  - conference being hybrid by default was assumed, but some speakers may not have been aware and were against streaming
- [ ] use review stages in pretalx to avoid manual access changes
- more than 1 review session?
  - should be a low bar for being a staff wanting to add reviews to talks, but don't have to attend final meeting
  - needed meeting time to motivate people to review
- call for reviewers on social media?
  - need to be mindful that reviewers should understand "what seagl is about"
- [ ] create guidelines document for first-time keynote speakers
  - send when we ask them to keynote?
  - offer more explicit office hours?
- [ ] put more effort into keynote nomination period
  - explicitly mention first-time can self-nominate
- people said next time keynote submission is up, they'd like to submit person
  - clearly they don't know it is open year-round
- there were first-time speakers where attendees left part-way through
  - may have felt bad, maybe due to difficulties
  - what does it mean for seagl to be welcoming to first-time speakers?
    - office hours, explicit types of help, etc.
  - connect first-time speaker with experienced mentor?

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs
- [ ] send speaker thank yous

##### TODOs for 2026
- [ ] make sure cfp text fields have appropriate max number of characters; consider program, door schedules, social media posts, etc.
- [ ] add specific speaker questions to collect their handles on the top-N major social media platforms
- [ ] make sure it is easy to identify remote vs in-person talks via Pretalx export
  - add remote talk question on the talk submission form instead of it being on the speaker info form
  - another possibility: ask upstream to add flag to talk api for any talk with a speaker who has selected remote
- [ ] add note during CFP process, "we reserve the right to make light editorial edits"
- [ ] make sure all speakers who require masks are in one room for ease of setup
- [ ] consider returning to Opening Keynotes on Friday, Closing keynotes on Saturday
- [ ] add question to pretalx about release of recordings on archive with specified license
- [ ] add question to pretalx about streaming talk, make clear we can't guarantee that people watching won't make/distribute own recordings
- [ ] add question to pretalx about whether speaker is part of underrepresented group
- [ ] use review stages in Pretalx to avoid manual access changes
- [ ] remember that review session is what motivates reviewers to finish
- [ ] consider calling for reviewers on social media
  - be mindful that reviewers should understand "what seagl is about"
- [ ] create guidelines document for first-time keynote speakers
  - consider sending when we ask them to keynote
  - consider making attending an office hour requirement
- [ ] advertise explicit keynote nomination period, mention that we welcome self-nomination of first-time folks
- [ ] create write-up of what it means for seagl to be welcome to first-time speakers
  - office hours, explicit types of help, etc.
- [ ] consider creating first-time speaker mentorship program

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach
##### Feedback
- Revisit style guide particularly the microphone vs non-microphone Patch.
- I recommend announcing the conference earlier, so it can be included in as many places as possible.  Since you have the dates, perhaps announcements could be made much earlier.  Something like announcing when you'll begin accepting talks for next year, even though it is way out.  I noticed LFNW is currently requesting submission despite the conference being 5 - 6 months away.  Giving any extra time would be helpful; the conference itself is super fun and I think there is a lot of room for growth by spreading the word!  Thanks for the fun event!

##### Discussion
- socials seemed more active this year
  - last year was 50/50 mastodon/twitter
  - this year overwhelmingly mastodon
  - x/twitter seems mostly quiet now
  - got suggestion about having tiktok, instagram and youtube/peertube
    - maybe use footage of talks for video promos
    - need to consider what audience we are trying to reach
  - if we goto instagram, we should have pixelfed be primary and insta secondary
- we didn't really have a photographer wandering taking candid shots
  - alfredo did take and post some pictures on socials, mostly of sponsors
  - asked consent of folks in them
  - do we have a way for people to share photos with us?
  - can we create a volunteer position for photography?
    - need to consider policies and such around attendees, indicator of not wanting to be in photos
    - speakers have already consented
- REALLY NEED a designer volunteer
  - how do we recruit individual volunteer roles
  - beginning of year need theme and branding strategy
  - things need to be printed by linuxfest
- automation for posts was working this year
  - would be nice to have way to automatically post when talk details change (time, cancellation, etc.)
  - post ~5 minutes before every talk happens

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs
- [ ] write thank you blog post, include some metrics, expected volunteer regathering, money woes

##### TODOs for 2026
- [ ] update style guide (e.g., microphone vs non-microphone Patch)
- [ ] consider creating other social accounts (e.g., instagram, tiktok)
- [ ] create theme and branding strategy ASAP, things need to be printed by LFNW
- [ ] consider automating posts when Pretalx status changes
- [ ] consider automating posts ~5 minutes before each talk

##### Important Links

---

#### Volunteers
##### Feedback
- Have a more explicit plan for training room monitors, and have that plan include temporarily re-purposing a presentation laptop for streaming, and using it for demos
- Some way to coordinate who is monitoring which live stream
- we should maybe proactively point out who I (AJ) am so that people aren't surprised when I sneak into rooms to fix streaming laptops

##### Discussion
- Create a room monitor handout
  - List of speakers and talk names
  - Record CO2 number at talk start
  - Count audience
  - Introduce speaker
  - Screen shot of what stream start/stop looks like
- create snack table monitor handout
- had more people ahead of time this year
  - some wanted to be organizer-level
- room monitors for some of the rooms, some of the time, still need more people
  - more coverage first day
- still unclear on how the onboarding pipeline works between interest and doing stuff
  - gap between first interest form and getting onboarded with explicit committee/role
  - this is the "people" bit
  - maybe fully onboard people to our systems, but add them to committees in a later stage? this would interact nicely with the better onboarding experience that AJ has planned, where you get a list of tasks on Vikunja
- slow onboarding works for some, but most probably want to "strike while iron is hot"

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026
- [ ] host room monitor training
  - consider combining with speaker tech testing
  - consider doing this the days/week before seagl
- [ ] have some way to coordinate who is monitoring which live stream
- [ ] better visual identification of organizers, especially a/v techs
- [ ] create a room monitor handout
  - List of speakers and talk names
  - Record CO2 number at talk start
  - Count audience 5 minutes after
  - Introduce speaker
  - Screen shot of what stream start/stop looks like
- [ ] create snack table monitor handout
- [ ] consider creating a volunteer position for photography
- [ ] recruit a designer volunteer
- [ ] create language to request day-of student volunteers
- [ ] smooth out onboarding pipeline, especially step between interest form and getting added to services

##### Important Links

---

#### Impresario
##### Feedback
- Adding a year round Forum for SeaGL.  My basic thoughts: My .02 is SeaGL would greatly benefit from a forum. [Discourse](https://meta.discourse.org/) is absolutely excellent + it integrates nicely with any number of [Matrix chat rooms](https://www.discourse.org/plugins/chat-integration). Can also auto [x-post to Fediverse](https://github.com/discourse/discourse-activity-pub) and offers [multiple calendar and event](https://www.discourse.org/plugins/calendar) options.  Another excellent option is [Gancio](https://gancio.org/) as a federated event planning calendar with full guest / anonymous support. I noticed Jupiter Broadcasting used it to successfully organize simultaneous watch parties for a livestream across the US/World.  If you have a machine to install it on, I'm happy to help you set it up (which I have done previously for help.nextcloud.com)
  - perhaps we can do a better job promoting the year-round Matrix space?
    - needs v12 upgrade as pre-req to advertise
- Y'all rock. More than I could have imagined. My only complaint is I couldn't do everything and I love having this lucky, wonderful problem. You're doing it all and doing it well.

##### Discussion
- never transitioned to vikunja
  - plans on implementing 2026 gantt chart during downseason

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs
- [ ] confirm final venue invoice
- [ ] send venue thank you

##### TODOs for 2026
- [ ] consider what a year-round seagl community space looks like
  - matrix vs forum vs ??
- [ ] consider splitting up committees based on chronology of work
- [ ] go all-in on vikunja, including gantt chart functionality

##### Important Links

---

### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)

---

## Wrap-up

### Outstanding 2025 TODOs
#### General

#### Attendee Experience (AX)
- [ ] check-in with Dawn about what laminated signs didn't work for floor
- [ ] ask venue why doors weren't opened on-time Saturday (salt)

#### A/V & DevOps
- [ ] edit and release videos

#### Finance
- [ ] Sync books and budget. Expected vs real numbers
- [ ] make sure aj gets a credit card

#### IDEA

#### Partnerships
- [ ] send partner thank yous
- [ ] "please shut up and take my money" - AJ with $dayjob hat on

#### Policy & Protocol

#### Programming & Flow
- [ ] send speaker thank yous

#### Promotion & Outreach
- [ ] write thank you blog post, include some metrics, expected volunteer regathering, money woes

#### Volunteers

#### Impresario
- [ ] confirm final venue invoice
- [ ] send venue thank you


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] seagl cost breakdown, request for donations
- [ ] ??: thank you for attending / save the date (??)

### Timeline
- November 6-7 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2026

### Next Cross-Committee Meeting
- 

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- A/V & DevOps: 
- Finance: 
- IDEA: 
- Partnerships: 
- Policy & Protocol: 
- Programming & Flow: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->
- Alfredo: glad that it's over, but also very happy about how it turned out, best one post-pandemic, even compared with 2019 everyone felt happy at this one, received many thanks both from new and returning attendees. Thanks for everyone being here, everyone here was important for it to happen.
- sen: oh boy, was my second SeaGL, first as organizer, didn't know what I was getting into, volunteered for AX and really didn't know what I was getting into, but nobody died and my help was appreciated. Seemed like all attendees had a really great time. Looking forward to next year.
- Matt: didn't join committees this year, but understand structure more now. TeaGL was big differentiator for us, good call.
- Angel: this one felt so much better than last year, only two to compare, but felt smoother, felt good, busy, happy, bustling.
- Norm: reiterate, this year was a lot more energy and excitement, not just from attendees but also everyone who volunteered.
- AJ: would like a bot that forwards thanks from social media to staff room. everyone's saying things I agree with. In many ways this year was better than past. This was my 10th SeaGL and it is a really special event, glad to be able to put it on with you all. Feel good about next year.
- Kim: had conflict for general meeting, haven't been able to attend. seemed to have less work to do, which was a good thing. thanks to everyone who did lots of work.
- Juan: first meeting, excited to participate, needed approval for volunteer form.
- Salt: thanks y'all <3 nice to be ending the season with positive outlook


### Check that everyone is connected to everything (Calendar, Mailinglist, Matrix, Nextcloud, GitHub, Vikunja)

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting


## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. editing pass for language and formatting
2. collect and dedupe New TODOs
3. upload notes to GitHub
4. make copy of file, rename with next meeting dates
5. update dates at beginning and near end of pad
6. clear attendees and wrap-up
7. remove TODOs that have been completed
8. clear irrelevant notes from past TODOs
9. move up New TODOs, add heading level and remove text
10. clear New TODOs
11. clear committee updates
12. clear new items
13. upload agenda to GitHub
14. update etherpad
15. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  - ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Task States
- [/] started
- [x] completed
- [#] cancelled
- [-] irrelevant
- [<] backlogged
- [>] refocused

-->

