<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# SeaGL 2025 Organizing Cross-Committee
- Monday, November 17, 2025. 5pm Pacific Time (2025-11-18 01:00 UTC)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.riseup.net/p/SeaGL_2025_organizing)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2025_organizing)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2025)
- [Matrix Space](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [Communication Channels](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/collectives/SeaGL%20wiki/All%20Staff/Communication%20Channels?fileId=44755)
- [Staff onboarding request form](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/s/PE76H74M2nJHAYAc6afRr7Qq)
- [2025 Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2025)
- [2025 Shared Calendar](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/calendar/p/2xY4zLXsMGoamerT)
- [2025 Calendar iCal](https://cloud.seagl.org/remote.php/dav/public-calendars/2xY4zLXsMGoamerT?export)
- [2024 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2024/20241118-retrospective.md)
- [Gantt Chart](https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/f/5623)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: 
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: 
- Note Taker(s): 

## Breath of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

## Agenda
<!--
Reminder: focus is on the 2025 event, not 2026
-->

### Metrics
- Staff:
  - Chairs: 
    - All-staff Attendees: 
    - At-event Volunteers: 
- Attendees:
  - Total number of "attendees" (onsite, off, etc.): 
  - Number of in-person attendees: 
    - "Registered":
    - Remaining badges: 
    - Sessions: 
      |           | R1 | R2 | R3 | R4 |
      | --------- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
      | Fri 09:10 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 09:40 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 10:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 11:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 14:00 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 14:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 16:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Fri 17:00 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 09:00 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 10:00 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 10:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 11:00 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 13:30 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 14:00 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 16:10 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 16:40 |    |    |    |    |
      | Sat 17:30 |    |    |    |    |
    - After conference social: 
  - Number of virtual attendees: 
  - Accounts in Matrix space: 
  - Accounts in “Welcome” room: 
  - Accounts in “Social” room: 
  - Accounts in sessions rooms:
    | Room                                          | Attendees |
    | --------------------------------------------- | --------- |
  - Viewers of live streams: 
  - number of folks using ephemeral server: 
  - number only attending keynotes: 
- Presenters:
  - Confirmed Talks: 
  - Confirmed Speakers: 
  - Accepted Talks: 
  - CFP Submissions: 
  - Speakers Submitted: 
  - Office Hours attended: 
  - Confirmed Keynotes: 4
  - Keynote Nominations: 
- Outreach:
  - Social Shares: 
    - Mastodon Total posts: 
    - Mastodon total followers: 
      - Mentions all 2025: 
    - Twitter total followers: 
      - Mentions all 2025: 
    - Facebook followers: 
    - LinkedIn: 
  - Blog Posts: 
- Partnerships:
  - Ambassadors: 
    - not yet started
  - Sponsors:
    - Paying: 
    - Media: 
    - Community: 
- Anything else?

### 2025 tasks yet-to-be-closed
<!--
Status updates only. Indicate items for further discussion with `[>]` and copy after `### New Items` below.
-->

#### 09/15
- [/] ask UW professors about extra credit/assignment alternative for volunteering with SeaGL (Salt)

#### 09/22
- [ ] respond to lpi ted (Salt)

#### 10/20
- [ ] reseach OBS web UIs (Andrew T)

#### 11/03
- [ ] fill out load-in form if available fri/sat morning (everyone)
  - https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/s/SCbBkykoPXmYG26s59i9KjFM
- [ ] add masked required room volunteer role (Angel)
  - job: swap sign, distribute (or at least put box of available masks by door) at beginning of talks
- [ ] social posts for forms: registration, feedback, volunteer, schedule (alfredo)
- [ ] talk to Adam about making it the key signing party (salt)

---

### New Items for discussion at Retrospective
<!--
#### Item Subject (item facilitator)
-->

#### Thank Yous
- We have a bunch of thank-yous to send. Salt needs help
- speakers
  - need preferences for receiving speaker gifts
    - [ ] create list of speaker who didn't receive gifts (??)
  - [ ] draft speaker thank-you email (??)
- sponsors
  - [ ] create list of sponsors to thank (??)
  - [ ] draft sponsor thank-you email (??)
- fiscal sponsor
  - thanks to OSI for helping with sponsorships, contracts, etc.
  - [ ] draft OSI thank-you email (??)
- volunteers
  - gifts aspect also
  - include everyone
  - ask if they want to get more involved
  - room monitor -> dim sum -> staff pipeline
  - [ ] draft volunteer thank-you email (??)
    - probably similar to speaker one
- attendees
  - seagl-announce with dates and what we plan for next year
  - include volunteer pipeline
  - [ ] draft attendee thank-you email (??)
  - [ ] draft thank-you blog post (??)
    - include save-the-date
    - include year-round keynote form
    - include call for volunteers and general timeline
    - specific call for committee coordinators
- venue
  - Thank the venue and say whether or not we want to work with them again
  - confirmation of receipt of payment, make sure that there are no nickles and dimes
  - [ ] draft venue thank-you email (??)
- keynotes
  - specialized email for each keynoter
  - information about reimbursements
  - [ ] draft keynote thank-you email (??)
- [ ] send thank-you emails (Salt)
- one or two people working on drafts that can be edited?
  - salt can edit, but first drafts are hard

#### Swag Shipping
- should goto speakers, volunteers, and paid sponsors
- how is shipping actually going to happen?
  - Salt has proven to not be good at this...
- significant discount if we ship most at one time?
  - question: what does this entail?
- refer back to "Thank Yous" speaker section

#### Reimbursements
- get yours in!
  - open an issue with the reimbursement template on GitHub
- December 15th hard deadline
  - otherwise... thank you for your donation.

#### Next Year Kick-off Date Selection
- probably January or February
- no seagl expectations for second half of december and first half of january
- expect scheduling poll for kick-off around January 15th

---

### Feedback Form Review
- https://seagl.org/feedback
- https://cloud.seagl.org/index.php/apps/forms/8F22zMx2J6Z7yE8L/results

#### Process
- Salt will screenshare and go through the responses
- Each response will be discussed
- Relevant feedback will be captured below in appropriate committee

---

### Committee Additions
#### Process
- Each committee should go through how they felt things went and add any specific suggestions of things to consider from their committee's context
- The group will decide what is toDONE, bikeshed'ed, or what we tWONTdo
- new TODOs are added to the relevant committee

<!--
Important updates and things to share staff-wide

#### Committee Coordinators
- Attendee Experience (AX): Sen
- A/V & DevOps: AJ
- Finance: Norm
- IDEA: 
- Partnerships: Kim
- Policy & Protocol: 
- Programming & Flow: Dina
- Promotion & Outreach: Alfredo
- Volunteers: Angel
- Impresario: Salt
-->

---

#### Attendee Experience (AX)

##### Signage

##### Badges

##### TeaGL

##### Venue

##### Ada's Social

##### Saturday Socials

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026

##### Important Links

---

#### A/V & DevOps

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026

##### Important Links

---

#### Finance

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026

##### Important Links

---

#### IDEA

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026

##### Important Links

---

#### Partnerships

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026

##### Important Links

---

#### Policy & Protocol

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026

##### Important Links

---

#### Programming & Flow

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026

##### Important Links

---

#### Promotion & Outreach

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026

##### Important Links

---

#### Volunteers

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026

##### Important Links

---

#### Impresario

##### Outstanding 2025 TODOs

##### TODOs for 2026

##### Important Links

---

### Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)

---

## Wrap-up

### 11/17 - New TODOs
#### General

#### Attendee Experience (AX)

#### A/V & DevOps

#### Finance

#### IDEA

#### Partnerships

#### Policy & Protocol

#### Programming & Flow

#### Promotion & Outreach

#### Volunteers

#### Impresario


### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] seagl cost breakdown, request for donations
- [ ] ??: thank you for attending / save the date (??)

### Timeline
- November 7-8 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2025

### Next Cross-Committee Meeting
- 

### Committee Meetings
- Attendee Experience: 
- A/V & DevOps: 
- Finance: 
- IDEA: 
- Partnerships: 
- Policy & Protocol: 
- Programming & Flow: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- Volunteers: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
<!--
Copy attendees list from above and format as:
- NAME: sign-off
-->


### Check that everyone is connected to everything (Calendar, Mailinglist, Matrix, Nextcloud, GitHub, Vikunja)

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting


## Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. editing pass for language and formatting
2. collect and dedupe New TODOs
3. upload notes to GitHub
4. make copy of file, rename with next meeting dates
5. update dates at beginning and near end of pad
6. clear attendees and wrap-up
7. remove TODOs that have been completed
8. clear irrelevant notes from past TODOs
9. move up New TODOs, add heading level and remove text
10. clear New TODOs
11. clear committee updates
12. clear new items
13. upload agenda to GitHub
14. update etherpad
15. send meeting announcement email
-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  - ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

### Task States
- [/] started
- [x] completed
- [#] cancelled
- [-] irrelevant
- [<] backlogged
- [>] refocused

-->

