<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-09-13 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- September 13, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/301)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- ~~[Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)~~
  - [Backup Jit.si room](https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)
- [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan, nomad, Norm, Andrew, AJ, Salt, Don/sntxrr
  - Weâ€™re in the backup room: https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2022_all-hands
- Apologies: der.hans
- Facilitator: Salt
- Facilitator for next time: AJ
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 
  - Chairs: 10
- Ambassadors: 
  - not yet started
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 7 -> 
- Sponsors: 18 (at least) -> may be more, including financial
- Confirmed Keynotes: 3 -> 4
- Keynote Nominations: 43
- Confirmed Talks: 8
- CFP Talk Submissions: 39 -> (finalized: Yes)

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda

## Committee Progress Updates
### SRE & Technical
- didn't meet last week so no changes
- stubbing out moderation

### Programming & Flow
#### Keynote Update
- 4th and final keynote confirmed: Lorena Mesa
- Joins Aeva Black, Sumana Harihareswara, Ernie Smith
#### CFP Update
- Reviewed talks and sent out first batch of talk acceptance emails (8 confirmed)
- Currently planning to have a 2 track schedule (vs the 3 we had last year)
#### Blockers
- Need ability to manually create new events in OSEM
  - This blocks adding a late submission we received
  - Also blocks creating events for keynotes and social events

### Outreach
- has not met in a while but has some asks coming up
- volunteers would be greatly appreciated

### Finance
- a few more media sponsors
- possibly two new financial sponsors
- [ ] make sure the current sponsors get their logo on our site (finance)

### Partnerships
- nothing to report

### Attendee Experience
- stalled out
- [ ] organize another AX meeting (Salt)


## Regular reminders
- Invite a friend (or five) to the organizing efforts


## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
  - need help with volunteer wrangling and other day-of activities
- [-] #222 review retrospective (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - complete: tech, finance, partnerships, programming, impresario
  - [ ] Attendee Experience: Dawn & Matt
  - [ ] Promotion & Outreach: ?? & Mateus
  - [ ] Volunteers: ?? & ??
  - [ ] IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access: Mateus & ??
  - [ ] CoC: Code of Conduct: sNTxRr & ??
  - Salt: I'm calling it on this process for the year
  - need to return to the drawing board about a better way to make sure this gets done next season
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message
  - Salt: are we ready to close this? [no]
  - replace with general "attend SeaGL" message

### 03/08
- [ ] create GH issue templates that document how they should be used (der.hans, AJ)
  - is this a wish to have or a must have?
    - Salt: wish to have for this year, must have in terms of on-going documented processes
  - Salt: should we bikeshed this as a probably won't be prioritized before the event?
    - AJ: "this can probably just be done"
    - nathan suggests doing reimbursement request now and saving the rest for later

### 03/22
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - pushing button at the end of the next supercommittee meeting
    - waiting on the meeting to happen first
    - still hasn't happened yet
  - Salt: the further away this gets, the less impact it will have.
  - Salt: let's try to push for this to be sent no later than Oct 1, otherwise we'll bikeshed for next year.
- [x] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
  - Salt: brainstorming closed, voting happening.

### 05/17
- [ ] make sure you are in the #SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org Matrix Room (*everyone*)
  - URL to SeaGL-Staff Space: https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org
  - Once in you should be able to join other restricted rooms (such as committee specific).
  - May need to click a button/link in old room due to upgrade.
  - Notify tech if you are having any difficulty: sNTxRr, AJ, Andrew, or Salt
  - event layout is still being discussed. Goal is 1 OCT for plan.

### 05/31
- [ ] direct email folks who aren't yet in the Matrix channels (Salt)
  - not yet done

### 06/14
- [ ] decide how we are tracking sponsors being contacted (der.hans)
  - blocked by migration off of Google
  - might not happen this year
  - open to offers of help with any specific sponsors
  - Salt: when do we want to call it on this issue for the year?
  - being tracked on nextcloud spreadsheet for now.
  - A very manual process, request access if you'd like to help.
- [ ] begin impresario future proofing if apprentice impresario doesn't appear by 9/1 (Salt)
  - no progress
  - Salt is committing to another year, but would really like to find an apprentice
    - someone excited, interested, has energy, and willing to document the process would be good
    - local to Seattle would be helpful
- [x] make pass on meeting pad to remove duplicate or no-longer relevant info (Salt)
  - Salt: this issue includes merging meeting facilitation notes that I've been developing in other meetings.
  - Salt: doesn't necessarily need to be tracked on this pad as a SeaGL issue, will move off by next meeting.

### 08/23
- [x] update calendar event to be weekly starting in September (Salt)
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors about volunteers for outreach & partnerships (der.hans)
  - we've got some opportunities for ads. Need visuals.
  - Salt: what do we need specifically, by when, and for who?
- [ ] look into moderation and mitigation plans for during-conference threats ((mostly) tech, volunteers, CoC, IDEA)
  - add your name if you specifically want to be involved
  - Nathan (I'd like to be in the loop, as most of these plans will affect our talks/speakers, but I don't need to necessarily be a chef in the kitchen)

### 09/06
- [x] de-dupe theme pad and GH issue (salt, der.hans)


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)

-->

### Year 10 Theme Voting
- https://star.vote/seagl2022theme/
- please vote by Sep 19

### Committees that could use extra hands - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Attendee Experience (chairs: Dawn & Matt)
- Promotion & Outreach (chairs: ?? & Mateus)
- SRE & Technical (chairs: Don & AJ)
- Volunteers (chairs: ?? & ??)
  - Potentially highest need right now, can hopefully help fill other committees


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- need to sort out some of the goodies (speaker gifts)
  - salt is working on this
- graphical recording/talk
  - having some communication issues with OSI so don't know the budget yet
  - deadline?
- some speakers didn't know about avatars last year
  - some people didn't get one because of the deadline and opt-out

### 09/13 - New TODOs
- [ ] make sure the current sponsors get their logo on our site (finance)
- [ ] organize another AX meeting (Salt)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
- [Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)
- [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)

<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] announce prospectus, partners and sponsors (partnership committee)
- [ ] announce keynote speakers (programming committee)

### Timeline
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
  - need to schedule for follow-up on star voting
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers **<- we are here**
- EOD Sept 19 for first round: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
  - provide guidance for speakers
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Weekly All-hands: Tuesday, **September** 20 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: Thursday, September 22, 2022 7pm PDT
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: TBD
- SRE/Technical: Weekly, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan: It's a real thing with a linup of talks soon. Relieved to have 4th keynote.
- nomad: nothing much, just glad to see we have some talks
- Norm:  glad to see we have some more financial sponsors. Hopefully we get one or two more.
- Andrew: Excited to see all the keynotes. We have our marching orders, we have a meeting tomorrow.
- AJ: echoing what Nathan said. Cool to see it coming together. It's real, we haven't been working on nothing this whole time.
- Salt: two month terrors kicking in. Glad things seem to be moving forward. Optimistic that we've done a lot of this before.
- Don/sntxrr: [bark bark] the two month terror is real! 

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


