# 2022-09-21

## Attack scenarios

What needs defending?

* seagl.org - not a problem, GitHub Pages isn't going down
* OSEM - maybe a problem
* Element

### OSEM

Proposal is to keep a static dump of OSEM's HTML to allow us to switch this out if we need. This dump would also include API responses so Patch wouldn't require any changes.

Bug for figuring out implementation: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/305

### Element

This ties into the room plan stuff. What does the attendee experience look like

They show up to the conference (SeaGL website) and we tell them _something_. We need to decide that something.

We should try not to fork Element if we don't need to. We did last year because we needed to. Two problems that this solved: being bombarded with permission prompts to see widgets in rooms. People would get "Patch has added a widget to this room, do you trust Patch to run things on your computer?" in every room. So we just made it autoaccept those prompts

Also spaces are unintuitive so we made it autojoin a bunch of stuff.

Element is frontend only, we put it on S3 or something last year. It's just a giant React app that runs in your browser.

Costs: work. Also, training people to put their passwords into random websites.

Don doesn't recall any complaints about the ephemeral nature of our client (people can't just keep coming back to our website). Some people converted into regular Matrix users.

Andrew: it affects people who are using normal Matrix accounts. It's just bad hygeine.

AJ: if we can waive a magic wand so everyone has a good time without us asking people to log in, we can all agree that would be best

[discussion around ephemeral users - can use it with element.io but you can't make it automatic]

AJ strawman: have a page that says if you want an ephemeral account, click here, it will log you in to our own Element with ephemeral credentials. If you already have a Matrix account, join this space with Element. If you don't have it, install Element or use element.io. We would disable non-ephemeral login on our Element.

Andrew is worried about making people make decisions.

AJ thinks this can be fixed with UX. Label the button "just take me to the conference" or something

Andrew: different kinds of people:

- never used Matrix before, using our ephemeral client. (this raises questions like, should we hide non-SeaGL spaces - Salt used this last year cause he's in 100s of spaces)
- people who have a Matrix account and know what they're doing.

Sidebar: do we need to be compatible with any reasonable client?

Salt wants to know what this means. What clients are vastly different?

Andrew doesn't know the clients but wouldn't bend over to support clients missing pieces of the protocol, alpha, etc.

Salt: lots of clients that specifically focus on IM-like interactions. Built for different things but they are fully-fledged clients. There are clients that are task managers.

Andrew: I'd imagine there you're not getting a good overview of the space, seeing the hierarchy and finding your way around the conference. Could "usher" people around the conference ("this talk is over, click here to go back to the main room"). I don't think it's a crazy idea to make sure we have fallback in text and links.

Salt, AJ: yea

Andrew: we're using widgets for a few things. If you don't want to load it/can't see it, etc., here's the link to get to whatever

AJ: to me this isn't a relevant question. If someone would use attend.seagl.org, they can use element.io

Andrew: yeah this is the next q. So do we want to bother supporting other clients

I think the distinction between ??? and vanilla Element are not too much. We have to solve problems like, helping people navigate around the space. If the client isn't doing it, we need to do explaining.

Salt: yes. I like this idea. I think Patch should do this

AJ: makes sense to me

Salt: either way there's dev overhead but the widgets themselves... it's less of a focus on those and just the centralized working on Patch stuff

Andrew: the public stream was YouTube? We need to see if there's a better solution than that

AJ: the obvious answer is PeerTube. I don't want to run PeerTube.

Salt: people have offered us their instances

Andrew likes people using our own everything, joining anonymously in the attend portal, OR people using all their own stuff with a link to the space

With fine print that you can use both.

AJ: it was confusing last year. Do I need to use the attend portal? Is it recommended? Etc.

Salt: last year we basically weren't able to support anything other than the attend portal

Andrew: I think we should write the text first and then build the solution to match the text.

AJ: agreed. This is why I'm pushing so hard to have a proposal - I'd like us to come up with the ideal solution and then work backwards. If we have to make compromises that's fine, but let's work backwards from the ideal experience

Salt: one thing to note - working with these options is going to require Patch development time. That's just a consideration. But I don't think that has to be this meeting.

### Patch development

AJ: what is the state of Patch right now?

Andrew: Patch is a hollow shell of a bot that we could put functionality into.

AJ happy to help once the foundational stuff is in. Andrew wants you to not really have to deal with the underlying infrastructure. If you want to add e.g. the tea command, there would be a command that he'd already done that you could look at

https://github.com/SeaGL/patch/branches

[discussion of which branch things live on]

Andrew: "Patch has not really... existed"

Don is super excited about this but he's going to focus on our broadcasting infrastructure as usual.

## 2021 videos

https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/224
	- sntxrr to resolve this ASAP

## Password manager - timeboxed to 7 minutes

Don suggestion: start with 1Password, move to final solution

Final solution TBD.

OK we're done! *big laugh*

Salt question: are we talking about applying for the thing Keith linked? Or through yours

Don: either. The right solution is through the link if we're going to do a short term thing.

AJ: let's see how easy that is and then if it's not easy we'll use Don's family plan.

Salt: it seems fine. Idk

Don: we have an urgent and immediate need to share passwords right now. We have a longer term goal that can be addressed in the next cycle.

Salt: agreed, and this seems like it will be quick enough

Don will take an action item to start the process through the link.

Interesting discussion to have long-term - Don thinks we should self host.

We will deal with this later in a focused discussion.

## 2022 room plan

Salt's initial proposal: https://docs.snowdrift.coop/Iv09PBxtQQe_ey7iqCg1qw#

Andrew thinks that some people just aren't going to explore as much as we are. Can we put current stuff in the toplevel space?

Salt: I would feel weird if the top-level rooms were changing. If trivia sometimes existed and sometimes not, I'd be really pissed off and confused

AJ: we could shove everything in the same space and use emojis to indicate what's currently active. But this breaks the "navigating between rooms" feeling

[discussion about in person SeaGL being a maze]

Salt: yeah I never saw people who didn't make it down to the expo hall and then I got the numbers and was like, this can't be right!

Andrew would buy that there's some value in basically making people do some work.

AJ can draft a landing/onboarding page. This can help guide this discussion - can we teach people this UI or not? TODO github issue


## Google accounts

For those who want forwarding, Bri suggested two options (we were planning on the latter but it may be worth considering the former):
		- google group ALIAS@seagl.org that has FORWARD@EMAIL as the member, with archives turned off (for privacy), or
		- email routing rule to do the redirect based on incoming smtp envelope
I'd suggest the first option because then the email address is 'real' and can still confer sharing permissions (assuming their forward email address is also a google account).

consensus is to do the google group thing. might as well

## 8x8 Jitsi

https://jaas.8x8.vc/#/pricing

8x8 responded and said use the basic plan, $99/month. yes for custom domain.

no response on nonprofit discounts.

this is going to work for us, we don't have to scale Jitsi. Don is pleased as punch about this.

Salt would like us to start using this sooner rather than later. For our actual stack, we could pay them for the RTMP streaming, recordings, etc. Could literally use private Jitsi rooms for our speakers potentially.

Don has not considered this.

Salt: supports full 1080p. Seems like this could be the solution for us. They have transcription.

Don: if we do private room streaming we would have to stream to the two restreamer instances to do adroll and room switch. We'd have to coordinate this.

Salt: yes there's still human OBS. Addons are per minute, but it's only for the one room, not all users

2 cents a minute for recording/streaming plus 6 cents a minute for transcription = 8 cents a minute x 2 tracks = 16 cents/minute. 8 hours of programming over 2 days is $150 or so. Plus $100 for the month is $250 for everything.

Can stream adroll from restreamer and just cut the Jitsi stream and have adroll take over

Don doesn't think we had any viewers on Twitch last year. Only reason is if we wanted to do YouTube and PeerTube at the same time. And you can stream directly from Jitsi Meet to a PeerTube, there is a way

Don is going to get us signed up so we can experiment

## prasket has agreed to setup our ephemeral jitsi instance for us again this year
