# 2022-02-02

## OSUOSL Update
sent email on 1/21, have not yet heard back
- [x] bump thread (sntxrr)

## Matrix Space
- [ ] need to update main space to version 9, currently at version 6
	- subspace of SeaGL for each year
	- staff subspace for things like committee channel (possibly called restricted)

## General knowlege sharing
- [ ] record some knowlege share with setting up spaces, bots commands etc.
	- not in a vacuum, real time interactive with another human

- bot creates rooms, and move rooms into recommended
	- ideally its a bot command to do this work
	- even better if the bot checks the time and moves it automagically

- probably should setup some ACLs and enforce
	- bot power level 100
	- few admins are level 99
	- mods level 50
	- regular user

- can we run our own appservice matrix bridge into irc so we avoid the "you've been kicked" issue
	- talk with prasket about it
- bot should collect user metrics so we can tell where they are coming from, are they IRC or matrix

- [x] migrate patch codebase into seagl org (Salt)
	- how should it get merged into Andrew's?

## Kick-off Needs

## Tech Team Members
who has given tentative?  
prasket, aj, andrew, tree, dave  
prasket, dave: up for helping once they have job
  - follow up with what do they want to work on
  - monitoring/scaling matrix, monitoring?

- [ ] reach out to rhiannon (Salt)
  - 11/16 haven't heard back

## Other

- [ ] Install new OSEM (AJ)
