 <!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-08-09 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- August 9, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/293)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan, nomad, Norm, Dawn, der.hans, AJ, Salt
- Apologies: Salt is having a good time
- Facilitator: der.hans
- Facilitator for next  time: 
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 
  - Chairs: 10
- Ambassadors: 
  - not yet started
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 6 -> 7
- Sponsors: 10 -> 12
- Confirmed Keynotes: 3 -> 3
- Keynote Nominations: 43
- CFP Talk Submissions: 4 -> 18
  - Open until a week from Friday (19 AUG).

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda

## Committee Progress Updates
### SRE & Technical
- came up weeks ago, do we have any kind of estimate for attendence this year?
  - This came up in the context of scaling jit.si for the conference.
- do we spin up a box or ....
- base it on the last few years, Andrew can get these metrics
- plan for a single talk (more attendees in a given room) just in case
### Programming & Flow
#### CFP
- 18 submissions by 11 speakers
- we really need more submissions
- [ ] contact media sponsors about CFP extension (salt)
- PC members can submit, just avoid reviewing your own talk
- Are we interested in doing some invited talks?
  - encourage/invite individuals to submit but don't promise they'll get a slot
#### Social Media
- request for help
- putting out tweets about office hours and CfP from personal accounts.
- It would be good to have a lot more content.
- We can sort out access to the account if you need it.
- Twit seems to be the place we have the largest social media following.
- Do we have a queue for twitter posts? (Doesn't seem to be)
  - potential for a document (pad) we could write them up as a queue to help share the load but someone still has to post them.
  - We need someone to drive this.
- [x] contact sri about marketing person (der.hans)
- [x] create social media scratch page (der.hans)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination
#### Still trying to nail down 4th keynote speaker
### Outreach
- discussed queue for posts
- got the CfP fliers out for SCaLE
- events for sponsor who wants to promote us
- working on social banners
- need more volunteers, especially social media-y ones
### Finance
- saw Sri at SCaLE.
- Picked up confirmation from indeed (sponsor, I presume).
- Companies are warned they'll be contacted by der.hans
- Salt has been adding in community and media sponsors
- Should we start doing planning for fun extras?
  - should be putting it into the budget
- If any other committees plan to spend money let finance know
- Plan for up to $10/speaker for speaker gifts
  - keynote budget is different
- der.hans stopped by the OSI booth to talk with them about their not responding
### Partnerships
### Attendee Experience
- Thinking of doing physical gifts for keynotes, virtual for speakers
- We had a super meeting (CoC, AE, idea, outreach) 
  - talked about needing a matrix superchat for attendee focused people
  - starting to do idea messaging
  - probably solved most of the imediate problems, need to think about things like speaker gifts
  - social media pings for hosts for things like TeaGL, hosting after-event 
- need to let PC know if you'll need time slots for things like TeaGL, etc
  - [ ] email to seagl2022: time, budget, teagl planning/notification (der.hans)

## Regular reminders
- Theme for year 10 needs more brainstorming
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/246
  - Aiming for 1 SEP announce date
- Invite a friend (or five) to the organizing efforts


## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
- [ ] #222 review retrospective (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - complete: tech, finance, partnerships, programming, impresario
  - [ ] Attendee Experience: Dawn & Matt
  - [ ] Promotion & Outreach: ?? & Mateus
  - [ ] Volunteers: ?? & ??
  - [ ] IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access: Mateus & ??
  - [ ] CoC: Code of Conduct: sNTxRr & ??
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message

### 03/08
- [x] updated graphic assets for 2022 (Mateus)
- [ ] create GH issue templates that document how they should be used (der.hans, AJ)
  - progress has been made

### 03/22
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - pushing button at the end of the next supercommittee meeting
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_theme_brainstorming

### 05/17
- [ ] make sure you are in the #SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org Matrix Room (everyone)
  - URL: https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org
  - notify tech to get invited: sNTxRr or AJ

### 05/31
- [x] start reaching out to partners/sponsors with prospectus (Everyone)
  - https://seagl.org/sponsors/2022
- [ ] direct email folks who aren't yet in the Matrix channels (Salt)
  - waiting for server upgrade

### 06/14
- [ ] decide how we are tracking sponsors being contacted (der.hans)
  - want to get it to where others can access lead sheet/notify us they've contacted sponsors without leaking info
- [ ] begin impresario future proofing if apprentice impresario doesn't appear by 9/1 (Salt)
- [ ] make pass on meeting pad to remove duplicate or no-longer relevant info (Salt)

### 06/28
- [x] prepare materials for SCaLE (Mateus)
- [x] figure out all-hands facilitation for July and August (Salt)
  - der.hans should be available for meetings through August
  - AJ is backup

### 07-26
- [x] send out a poll to find a time for intercommittee supermeeting (Dawn)


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
- 
-->

### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow: Nathan & ??
- Finance: der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience: Dawn & Matt
- Promotion & Outreach: ?? & Mateus
- Partnerships: der.hans & ??
- SRE & Technical: Don & AJ
- Volunteers: ?? & ??
  - Potentially highest need right now, can hopefully help fill other committees
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access: Mateus & ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct: sNTxRr & ??
- Impresario: Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentice impresario, anyone who is interested please volunteer or invite a friend!
  - no beard required


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- [Nathan] we had talked about planning/meeting about what happens if no one steps up for future impresario. What do we do?
  - in person or hybrid (has been committed to by several people)
    - hyprid allows people from other places to join us even when they can't travel
  - Who from the current staff will be around? What other options do we have?
    - small staff in Seattle, several who haven't seen an in person event
  - have cash in OSI's hands.
    - Presuming we get sponsors this year we will have next year's money this year.
    - Good to have forward funding.
  - Need the volunteers
  - Might be a situation of another year of diminishing returns until people are in person and get more excited

### 08/09 - New TODOs
- [ ] contact media sponsors about CFP extension (salt)
- [x] contact sri about marketing person (der.hans)
- [x] create social media scratch page (der.hans)
- [ ] email to seagl2022: time, budget, teagl planning/notification (der.hans)

## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
[Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)

<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] announce prospectus, partners and sponsors ( partnership committee )
- [ ] announce keynote speakers (programming committee)
- [x] announce cfp extension?  (programming committee)

### Timeline
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens <- we are here
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, August 23 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: 
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: Bi-Weekly, half-hour before all-hands, Tue 5:30pm
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan: we're getting to the point where we should be getting worried about low CfP numbers. Want to see them to up quite a bit, we have the performance art category, submit! Thanks Dawn for help with all things Program
- nomad: Glad we didn't have lethal weather today. Also wishing CfP numbers were higher
- Norm: trying to get ahold of der.hans for things they need to go through. Hopefully OSI gets back to us
- Dawn: Would like to see numbers go up on the CfP. Working out conferences is really hard. A lot of people are burned out. Probably 18+ months before we see what the new landscape is.
- der.hans: thanks everyone for showing up. We need more people but experience is core group does most of the work and most of the showing up but a lot of people do work without showing up for the meetings. Is positive of a good experience this year. Looking forward to going back to in-person.
- AJ: I wish the weather wasn't brutal today. So hot and tired. Lovely to see everyone, as always
- Salt: Watching Orcas. Appreciates everyone being here. Thanks der.hans for running the meeting. Thanks Nathan for the PC work and smart questions. Last open discussion is valid thing we should discuss more. Doesn't want hard questions and thoughts to be stopping us from putting on a great virtual show this year.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
- nomad


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


