<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-03-08 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- March 8, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/242)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: nomad, AJ, Salt, Andrew, Mateus, Norm, Lacey, J
- Apologies: der.hans, deb, Nathan
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): AJ
- Note Taker(s) for next time: J

### Metrics
- Staff: 
- Ambassadors: 
- Social Shares: 
- Blog Posts: 
- Sponsors: 

(Still not quite tracking these, but thinking about what we want to track.)

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [x] create room for programming (Salt)
  - Haven't quite figured out how permissions work but if you need an invite to the space ping Salt.
  - Will all be in a SeaGL committees Matrix space
- [x] updated get involved page, include meeting info (der.hans)
  - Salt didn't see an update but hans checked it off? At least some info on there
  - When and where should definitely be updated on the front page
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it or we have chairs for each committee
- [ ] review retrospective by next meeting (everyone)
  - [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)
  - Salt has talked to a few folks about this. Probably the way forward is assigning an issue saying that each committee has reviewed their section. "Here's which committees are still outstanding"
  - Haven't made that issue but looking for feedback if other people have ideas on that. If possible don't want to have a whole meeting where we just look through the retrospective
- [ ] review web site for needed updates by next meeting (everyone)
  - Should this be similar? Each committee has reviewed the website? The hope being that the chair does it or delegates it
  - Andrew: sounds like a good idea
  - Salt: ok I'll make two issues and that's how I'll do it
- [x] seek diversity organization in Seattle to partner with for IDEA (Salt)
  - Salt did a bunch of this and will talk about it later
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt, Ben)
  - Salt: this did not happen, we'll bump it, there's been some transition of folks
- [ ] get more ideas on date / timeline re: programming committee elements (Nathan)
  - Haven't done yet, Nathan is pretty busy

### 02/22
- [x] retrieve updated copy from Hans and update website (Ben)
  - we THINK this is done since there was an update?
- [ ] create "process" issue for reviewing retrospective and any website updates (Salt)
  - going to stay open but Salt knows what to do now and is going to do it
- [ ] start pad to draft initial outreach message, look at WIG and schedule time to meet with der.hans and Ben (Salt)
  - same deal
- [ ] draft text for inviting new people to submit keynote nominations (Deb, Nathan)
  - don't know if there's progress here, both people aren't here. we'll skip
- [x] write automatic footer to clarify how seagl2022 mailinglist should be used (Salt)
  - did write this, but wrote it after sending the reminder today. please review and let Salt know if there's more to put in there
  - can review when you get an email! but also Salt will paste it
  - ```
    SeaGL 2022 Organizer List:
    https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022

    This list is NOT _only_ for active staff and committee volunteers. Anyone who is interested in lending a beak or wing at some point is welcome!

    If there are particularly sensitive topics, please limit the thread's scope.
    ```
  - (discussion over "limit the thread's scope" being less clear)
  - Salt: if there's a doc in the Drive, then that can be access-restricted to only @seagl.org people or who have been explicitly added. So maybe that's how we can do this. Anything that's sensitive should be behind a different access control
  - (more discussion)
  - Salt: I'll keep finagling it but this is a start
- [ ] send out scheduling poll for tech/programming discussion about groupware and osem (Salt)
  - Salt tried to do this but it clearly wasn't a time that worked out for people. But this needs to happen
  - Salt feels like this isn't up to him for scheduling but if it is let him know
  - AJ: basically whenever Nathan can meet. Andrew and AJ are flexible. This week is weird because Nathan is at a conference and his old availability isn't based on this week
  - AJ will send out a whenisgood


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### Meeting Timing (Salt)
- The meeting time moving forward will be: Tuesdays at 6pm (PT)

### Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow - Nathan & ??
  - nomad would like to help but doesn't want to be a co-chair yet
- Finance - der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience - ?? & ??
  - haven't talked to Deb, not sure if she still wants to do this
  - hybrid vs all virtual affects this
  - Salt is passionate about this but cannot be a chair. this is the interaction of everyone basically
- Promotion & Outreach - Ben & Lacey
- Partnerships - ?? & ??
  - can be going to other conferences, setting up tables, ambassadorship etc.
  - lacey is familiar, can put cycles towards this if necessary/if there's a vacuum cause this is scary to not have anyone on this at this point
- SRE/Technical - Don & AJ
- Volunteers - J & ??
  - lucy took a 1 year break last year, not sure if she's interested this year
  - J is interested in this
  - J: any leads on volunteers would be very helpful
  - Lacey: one of the asks is getting lists of volunteer positions out on our website
  - Salt: we do have a past volunteers list. My hope now that we're in Matrix is that we can have a space that's like "this is where volunteers live year round" if they want to chatter or whatever
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ?? & ??
  - Salt will talk about after
- CoC: Code of Conduct - ?? & ??
  - Would be better to have someone who's been in SeaGL for at least 1 year
  - going to be some process work especially when it comes to Matrix
  - we've been very lucky
  - Lacey: it makes sense to come together way later on and do process because it depends on the interface. it's a committee that becomes way more vital later on than it does right now
- Impresario - Salt & ??
  - if someone's interested in doing shadowing and learning let Salt know. he's interested in being outgoing and actually chairing committees again next year
  - know this is a big ask though

- Still looking for people to co-lead.

### Retrospective Review (Salt)
- Salt going to make this an issue but wants to give time for people who have thoughts or have things to bring up
- nomad: is this done? seems like there's a lot of open ends
- Salt: done in the sense that we've identified outstanding things. but some of those aren't done
- it's always a little hard to do the retro review
- Lacey: I feel weird about it because we did kind of establish a lot while we did the retro. there were quite a few people there. I feel like it was resolved in that meeting, not sure what we need to do beyond that
- Salt: 2 things. 1. still outstanding todos. need to make sure, did those issues actually get closed? but 2. more it's just rereading the feedback so we have it fresh in mind for this season
- Lacey: would it be helpful to go through and file GitHub issues based on things in the retro?
- Salt: not sure, what do other folks think?
- Lacey: definitely stuff in there that are just tasks that need to make it over. and they're stuck in limbo in that document
- Salt: I thought I did at least some of that but maybe not.
- Lacey: I can do that. some may be completed on the GitHub side but not noted as such in the retro
- Salt: 2022 stuff is spun up in the GitHub. it's an organizational project, you can link it from any of the repos. still some automated welcome message stuff that I didn't delete. let me know if there's anything I need to do

### IDEA Committee (Salt)
- best way to reach out but not just ask for more volunteer labor?
- Salt: this is one of the things that's been a struggle personally
- don't want to ask for free labor but also want to be more diverse and inclusive
- maybe some sort of internship? or at least put that offer on the table
- framing Salt is thinking: by the end of March, trying to find someone or someones to help out with this. could be an internship, or a grant, we're flexible. don't have infinite resources of course
- but kind of approach people like that. this is who we are, what we are, we're all volunteer but we care about this and want to get better
- Salt went through and found this large list of orgs. looking at the gender or racial divide, didn't find as many groups on Meetup locally, but found national orgs working on this. asking for leads other folks have though.
- Lacey: difficult problem. whenever I work with ???? there's still some gaps for them and they're big and focused on DEI. internship is great but without a grant you're still asking someone to do the same thing. and putting a dollar sign on is difficult
  - best case is someone from a university that's passionate about community organization. there's degrees for that. that seems like the best avenue. not sure if we have enough work to be done to also flesh out a whole thing. and it needs a mentor, someone internal, to really own that intern
- Salt: and we don't have a ton of spare energy/time to give to it
  - when I said internship I more meant, what structure is best, we're flexible, and here's a couple that might work
  - I think having a $ amount we're willing to put out there is probably reasonable
- Lacey: other thing is, making sure that external people still align with the conference's values. we would have to explain what the conference is about. what our goals are. lots of people involved in DEI in general but maybe not from the conference perspective. not sure how e.g. hiring pipeline stuff translates
- Salt: yeah good point. I at least tried to stay in the tech world but not everyone cares about free software
- Lacey: there are people. but all the people I can think of are already so busy doing this with bigger orgs
  - local Seattle person would be great tho. local ties would be great
- Salt: someone I met at FOSDEM?
- ???: did you reach out to Aeva?
- Salt: not yet, that's a good idea
- Lacey: she's spoken at this conference, could probably handle having an intern, and is generally just amazing
  - there was a panel at OSS talking about DEI and open source and those issues. maybe some of those people are interested
  - always a tiny minority of talks in that genre at any open source conference. because it's really important to get more diverse anything in open source. so maybe looking back at old events? at least maybe they could give us some contacts
- Salt: just found this person from FOSDEM, I feel like I need to reach out
- Lacey: I've had interns before. I can offer something for that even if it's not owning it. I've already had to work with schools and frame it
- Salt: I kind of don't want to be the only one involved in writing this outreach. but I can write at least a start. unless someone else is really enthusiastic about helping to draft this
- Salt: ok I'll take that. my hope is that by the end of March we can find a person/persons so as programming starts happening there's someone keeping an eye on making that better
- Lacey: would a social media gentle ask be helpful?
- Salt: yeah my hope is that we can put stuff out there and say "we want to do this thing"
- Lacey: I'm thinking about less formed than that. open ended "are you knowledgable about these topics and conferences? we should have a conversation"
  - we might attract a volunteer that just meets all the boxes and that would be way less work
- Salt: other thoughts on this topic?
- *silence*

#### Groups to reach out to
- https://www.meetup.com/ChickTech-Seattle-Meetup/
- https://www.meetup.com/Girl-Develop-It-Seattle/
- https://www.meetup.com/Girls-in-Tech-Seattle/
- https://www.meetup.com/here-seattle/
- https://www.meetup.com/IncludeSeattle/
- https://www.meetup.com/Ladies-in-Seattle-Tech/
- https://www.meetup.com/Ladies-that-UX-Seattle/
- https://www.meetup.com/Seattle-PyLadies/
  - https://www.linkedin.com/groups/13525861/
- https://www.meetup.com/Seattle-Women-in-Technology-Meetup/
- https://www.meetup.com/She-Codes-Now-Seattle/
- https://www.meetup.com/shescoding-eastside/
- https://www.meetup.com/shescoding-seattle/
- https://www.meetup.com/WISPS-Women-in-Info-Security-Puget-Sound/
- https://www.meetup.com/Women-in-Blockchain-Seattle/
- https://www.meetup.com/Women-Who-Code-Seattle/
- https://www.meetup.com/WSC-Seattle/
- https://seattle.chicktech.org/
- https://www.seattlewomenintech.org/
- https://witi.com/networks/seattle/
- https://www.act-w.org/


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Salt: would be nice if we had committee meetings now that we have chairs. Tech has one
  - Lacey: going to meet with Ben and we'll find something. probably not next meeting though
- Salt: probably need updated graphics Mateus
  - yeah
  - Salt: do you need a list?
  - Mateus: just need to move things to the GitHub repo(???), other things have been done. just start this year's graphics
  - Salt: made a quick something for that conference I spoke at. but yeah it's year 10
  - one thing you asked, people should start thinking about themes. cause I know that helps your work
  - Mateus: with the theme we can create a new graphics thing for the whole conference
  - we can brainstorm and create new design things. each year we're changing a little bit of the design. e.g. a while ago it was more square things, last year was more circle
  - this year it would be great to have some graphics that reminds the team of ???
  - Salt: and year 10. lots of jokes. binary, double digits, etc.
  - but should have an open issue about selecting a theme
- nomad: I don't use GitHub. I'm not clear on how to deal with open issues and such. is there a doc about how SeaGL prefers these things be dealt with?
  - Salt: not sure if that ever got created
  - general idea is that all issues go into the org repo which is a public repo
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues
  - Andrew: are there open questions about how to use it? or it's just not written down
  - is the question about how SeaGL uses it? or how GitHub works in general
  - nomad: not sure how to answer, if there's things I should avoid doing in GitHub I want to avoid doing them
  - Salt: clearly this is not documented well enough, let's take this offline
  - I want to make task templates
  - (more discussion)
- Mateus: some things on the design side
  - sometimes need to export things in a certain format or something. could use a place to document how to do a bunch of this stuff. e.g. how to print ads or whatever. a guide for the future people or us. like a wiki
  - Salt: that's an interesting thought for sure
  - Lacey: probably enough time that we _can_ do this and we won't be in crazy getting things together mode. I'm willing to help do ????. as far as documenting GitHub I'm probably not the right person for that. I can sit down with Mateus and get an idea as to what documentation is most valuable
  - Mateus: I can help document GitHub, I'm not the greatest person but I can write some things
  - Lacey: good place to start. how to create and issue and how we're organizing our issues. some of it is in the tech part of the org and some is in the main part of the org. I've made duplicate issues sometimes

### 03/08 - New TODOs
- [x] update website with 2022 dates (Andrew)
- [ ] send out osem meeting whenisgood (AJ)
- [ ] turn retrospective tasks into GH issues (Lacey)
- [ ] outreach to meet up to exchange info / go over processes and make plans (Ben & Lacey)
- [ ] meet to fold over some volunteer role information stuff (Lacey & J)
- [ ] draft message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt)
- [ ] create issue for selecting year 10 theme (Salt)
- [ ] updated graphic assets for 2022 (Mateus)
- [ ] create issue templates that document how they should be used (Lacey & Mateus)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] Kick-off / Volunteers Welcome (Ben, Lacey, J)
  - after website dates are updated

### Timeline
- Start of March: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- Late March: OSEM ready for programming committee testing
- Tentatively April 1: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: 
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week after testing or more: OSEM launched
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- : CFP opens
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens
- : CFP closes
- : CFP Review 1
- : Select Speakers
- : Notify Speakers
- : Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, March 22 @ 6pm Pacific Time

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: 
- Finance and Partnerships: 
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- nomad: not sure how to start, so good bye
- AJ: good meeting, excited about tech stuff
- Salt: <3 y'all
- Andrew: glad to have open discussion time
- Mateus: big recap, back to seagl, productive
- Norm: try to get ahold of hons and plan finance meetings, nice to have a non-rushed start
- Lacey: excited that there are things to do, probably need to yell at salt about shipping things... excited to do outreach stuff, not takeover but augment
- J: excited to be helping out again this year, thank you all for being cool ppl to work


### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


