# 2022-10-12
- Don/sntxrr to get Streamyard setup going
	- will pair with AJ for setup/validations of working Tracks
	- we will need to generate unique links for the speakers

## Element

Andrew to fix up Element to:
- basically remove logging in with your own Matrix account
- add a deemphasized link (NOT a button) at the bottom to use your own Matrix account
- other stuff?

## Matrix server
- Don will work with prasket to get this spun up in AWS/OSUOSL/DO

Should we spin this up on OSUOSL OpenStack?

We're going to ping Lance on IRC to make sure this is OK
- Talk with Lance about sizing a Matrix

Don doesn't see anything that would prevent us from using OpenStack

Namespace rooms under 2022.seagl.org but host on the Seattle Matrix server

## AdRoll?
- who will be providing the adroll to Don/AJ?

- specific for in between tracks - point to the next talk. thanks sponsors. here's how you can connect with us, volunteer us, social things, leave feedback

but this is hard to coordinate. would rather have one adroll per track, or one adroll period

should have:
- sponsor thanks at those levels
- schedule of bigger events
- point to feedback
- dates for next year
- music? Romeo may recommend

- [x] TODO Salt to reach out to Romeo

Andrew: how do you make this sort of thing? I'd make some image slides and ffmpeg them together with some music or something

Salt: you just described basically what I would do. I think Romeo may have used actual video editing tools but that generally seems like the correct approach

- [ ] TODO Don/sntxrr to reach out to Prasket about having him at our tech meetings

## list of must-dos

- Element modification + deployment: Andrew (and ping AJ for GitHub Pages help if easier)
- ephemeral Matrix server setup: AJ/Prasket
- streaming setup: Don
- adroll: ???? (Salt to talk to Romeo, and Mateus is the backup)
- Patch: Andrew
- Mjolnir: AJ
- building widgets for embedding the videostreams (probably reusable from last year): Andrew
    - Andrew needs to know what to embed. consensus: YouTube, if we have time we can try for PeerTube but default to YouTube
- landing page on the website: AJ
- a pointer at the canonical schedule (to be decided by Program)
