<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-05-03 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- May 3, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/255)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Salt, Nathan, der.hans,nomad, Lacey, J, Ben, Norm, donald
- Apologies: AJ
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 12 (?)
- Ambassadors: 
- Social Shares: (is there a decent way to track this?)
  - maybe outreach can discuss
- Blog Posts: 1 -> 2
- Sponsors: 0
- Keynote Nominations: 2 -> 41!


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
  - Some folks joined on the calendar invite but we're not ready to drop this topic yet.
- [ ] #222 review retrospective by next meeting (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - Programming reviewed the retrospective at our most recent meeting
- [ ] #245 review web site for needed updates by next meeting (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - Do this at least once a year.
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt, Ben, Lacey)
  - to start, we need to write descriptions of the roles, especially ones that need to be filled ASAP

### 03/08
- [x] turn retrospective tasks into GH issues
  - Lacey set up an omni-issue
  - Salt might have been closed it and re-direct to an older one
- [x] outreach to meet up to exchange info / go over processes and make plans (Ben & Lacey)
- [x] meet to fold over some volunteer role information stuff (Lacey & J)
  - Lacey and J met and talked about a post and about liasioning
  - need to work on cadence for posts to keep from dogpiling them with other SeaGL info
- [ ] updated graphic assets for 2022 (Mateus)
  - no report for a while, Salt will reach out
- [ ] create issue templates that document how they should be used (Lacey, Mateus, anyone else)
  - nothing to report, open to anyone.. anyone? Bueler? 

### 03/22
- [-] Connect J and Lucy to talk about volunteering (Salt)
  - No response to most recent ping to Lucy
  - maybe closing this to-do makes sense?
  - J would like to go over historical stuff, will meet with Salt later this week
- [ ] draft initial outreach message (der.hans, Ben, Lacey, Salt, anyone else)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message
  - der.hans sent something short & sweet to Salt. 
  - no other progress aside from that.
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - at least one person has looked at the draft.
  - needs the date updated
  - Lacey spoke with a few people to see if they might potentially consider thinking about helping
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
  - some brainstorming has been happening, more would be good.
  - moar brainstorming is needed.
- [ ] #254 consider changing title of committee "chair"
  - Still trying to think through it.
  - Salt has an open issue but probably going to keep it on the agenda until we fill the chair slots.

### 04/05
- [-] generate poll to ask community about virtual vs hybrid
  - poll wasn't generated and we can't keep pushing off the decision
- [-] create GH issue to set decision for virtual vs hybrid on first meeting after May 1
  - issue wasn't opened, will discuss below and make a decision

### 04/19
- [x] promote keynote nomination submissions (everyone)
  - Looks like we've had a lot.
  - past the published deadline, can probably close this topic
  - Keeping the form open until decision is made (next week, probably)


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### Keynote Nominations
- https://seagl.org/news/2022/04/15/keynote-nomination.html
- If you have any last minute people to nominate get them in now.
- PC will do a first pass then on to staff for selection (rank sort)

### Virtual vs Hybrid (Salt)
- past 1 MAY so it is time to decide.
- bringing people from all over risk is becoming a super spreader event
- Salt doesn't have any time 'in any meaningful way' to look for a venue
- [not-Lacey] says 'two conferences is a lot of conferences', doing both virtual and local, in-person needs a lot more volunteers
- der.hans suggests doing a virtual but for people local do a picnic or something the following weekend. Doing something for 'local culture' even if the remote people can't participate
- nomad observed that the case numbers are going back up and he expects that to continue.
- Nathan says if Salt doesn't have the time then the decision is already made.
- Salt is leaning towards calling it and making it virtual.
- Lets focus on making an excellent virtual event.
- -> decision: going with Virtual for the actual conference
  - does not preclude in-person small event at some point.
- need to check over the website to make sure it reflects this
- der.hans says we have funding if we want to have a pizza or Indian night we have the funds for that.
- It will likely be easier trying to organize a hybrid conference for the first time when we don't have covid hanging over our heads

### Sponsor Prospectus (Salt)
- Draft of 2022 version is ready, looking for reviewers
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KLPVivebRZUxb5tAyT8hnNhCHmEnPzdS2CbdYRx-eHA/edit#
- (group takes a few minutes for a quick review)
- Nathan says we need to review the 'add-on' sponsorship options. They're the more valuable thing
- Ben suggests calling them 'limited availability sponsorships' instead
  - Maybe restructure as a'la carte?
- der.hans points out we're rather inexpensive. other conferences lowest level is above our high level. We've had sponsors that want top-tier. Having expensive tiers is good for that option. Each level gets some add-ons.
- Salt mentioned we've brainstormed about lower-tier local/regional sponsor as well as large sponsor.
  - [not-lacey] says give them less things and charge them more money and they love it. Complexity causes confusion. Maybe a range or specific tiers?
  - der.hans says we can also add other categories/addons
  - Nathan is fine with simplifying and scrapping the addons. maybe a private budget where we keep track of "first $1k goes to track recording, second goes to bar, third goes to blivit...."
  - Lacey says we should just ask the sponsors if they want to be honored
  - der.hans says we can do a one-off version of this and make it custom for a sponsor who wants to do that
- Salt wonders how much/little should we go into describing the virtual experience.
  - Lacey says there's a lot of history before we get to the cool stuff we're doing now.
- Salt: One thing that isn't on here but we did internally last year was limiting the number of groups that can have each sponsorship level
  - Nathan: call out limited availability but don't advertise it.
  - Lacey: scarcity sales tactics don't work well in a virtual space
- Ben: do we want to remove the food/party options since it's virtual?
  - nomad: shipping stuff (e.g. vouchers) means we know who and where they are
- Lacey: it looks good and professional
- Salt: may be a thing where we put it up and do revisions
- der.hans: We need to move to virtual conf Patch logo

### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow - Nathan & ??
  - nothing's really changed other than the fact that we have a nice sized committee.
  - We will have someone at this meeting to report
  - Dawn is also planning to attend at least one of these meetings per month
- Finance - der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience - ?? & ??
  - now that we know it's virtual we can start thinking about this.
- Promotion & Outreach - Ben & Lacey
- Partnerships - ?? & ??
  - we really need someone(s) to start this. Really good opportunity to network.
- SRE/Technical - Don & AJ
  - meetings are going decently but need someone to join this meeting too
- Volunteers - J & ??
  - be nice to get a second person
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ?? & ??
  - still looking
- CoC: Code of Conduct - ?? & ??
  - would like internal folks
  - Lacey is down to do it but didn't want to do multiple things.
- Impresario - Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentice impresario, anyone who is interested please volunteer or invite a friend!
- Most pressing needs are Partnerships and Attendee Experience, would calm Salt's mind

### Committee Meetings (Salt)
- What are the meeting schedule for each committee? Is help needed regarding tools, frequency, etc?
- Programming & Flow - Wednesday, May 11 6pm PT (will settle on ongoing schedule at this meeting)
- Finance - every other Monday at 4pm PT, off-week from all-hands
- Attendee Experience - ??
- Promotion & Outreach - ?? (We are working on a time)
- Partnerships - ??
- SRE/Technical - every other Wednesday at 6pm PST, off-week from all-hands
- Volunteers - ??
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct - ??
- Impresario - ??


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- use the blog calendar (below) to schedule your posts to avoid overloading any date
  - [Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)
- Are there any (soon) upcoming blog posts needed?
  - Program will be working to front-load a bunch of their blog posts this year

### 05/03 - New TODOs
- [ ] check-in with mateus (Salt)
- [ ] go over past volunteering documents (Salt, J)
- [ ] verify website reflects a virtual-only conference
- [ ] modify sponsorship prospectus draft with virtual logo (Salt)
- [ ] decide on method to track upcoming blog posts as to not overpost
  - currently there is a list in the `## Wrap-up` section of the meeting pad


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
[Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)

<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [x] Kick-off / Volunteers Welcome (Ben, Lacey, J)
  - [seagl.github.io#326](https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/326)
  - Last chance for comments. Ben will publish Wednesday morning

### Timeline
- Start of April: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- Early May: OSEM ready for programming committee testing
- Tentatively May 1: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens <- we are here
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, May 17 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org
  - no more calendar event updates until we switch to weekly meetings

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: Wednesday, May 11 6pm PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Salt: Glad to see old faces....   Still looking for some committee 'chairs'.
- Nathan: excited to get voting for keynotes and open cfp, excited to have a committee
- der.hans: thanks to Norm and Salt for keeping the finance committee going while time needed. Great seeing everyone. Excited.
- nomad: Glad we have a decision. Looking forward to seeing who our keynotes will be.
- Lacey: Looks like there's a bunch of stuff to do which is cool. I have ideas how to use my time. Trying to get more people involved.
- J: Thanks for doing SeaGL with me. I have some ideas for the volunteer stuff
- Ben: Glad we have a decision on format. Bummed we had to go virtual but it was the right choice
- Norm: I thought it was a great meeting. Liked the idea of simplifying the sponsorships. The only thing I ask for sponsors is there anything that can be done as far as virtual. Can we have a virtual goodie bag of some sort? 
- donald: Great to be getting in the mix and catching up on all the stuff. Helping out on the program committee. Looking forward to the cool things we're going to do this year.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
- nomad


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


