# 2022-05-11

- Is program ok with using the new OSEM instance? AJ pinged Nathan
	- if so, we will want to stand up a new RDS
		(sntxrr has terraform to setup RDS with passwords stored in Secrets Manager and can take this on)
	- set env vars to RDS and not do a Dokku connection
	- punt dynamic retrieval of secrets until in OSUOSL
- Action item for AJ - is to provision a new box with Dokku via Ansible or cloud-init - https://dokku.github.io/general/automating-dokku-setup
	- Roll with curl | bash and file a followup ticket to lock this down in our config
		- AJ will also provision the Dokku host in Terraform
- When to cut over?
	- Before the CFP -> probably early June
	- Proposed: prep the transition in the next 2 weeks, migrate it live in the next tech meeting
		- This leaves at least 1 week for testing before the CFP opens.
- Also: we may start having more ad-hoc meetings as needed e.g. as a response from Lance comes in.
- Retro
	- sponsor media files: we think Nextcloud solves this
		- For finance Salt has already been telling people to use Hans' private Nextcloud
		- Why are we not using our own? Salt: bills are 3x the cap
		- Salt is just saying it's easier to just, create it in *a* Nextcloud and then it can be moved
		- AJ: do we have realtime collaboration set up?
			- No, but Hans does
		- AJ is configuring the built in CODE server for collaboration - less performance but it's trivial to set up.
		- Now running a test to see whether it's performant enough.
			- Still loading. Seems like no.
		- Consensus is to use Hans' server then since this works. The backend is just OpenDocument files anyway so we can just rsync them over to a new Nextcloud.
		- Do we want to just point nextcloud.seagl.org at Hans' then? Consensus is yes probably. We're not doing anything with it actively anyway, it's just storing originals for talk videos.
		- [x] Don TODO: get the videos out of Nextcloud and into Glacier, then tear this instance down and set the DNS to point at Hans'.
			- Replicated Glacier storage? Don says sure.
			- We want S3 Glacier Deep Archive
	- Lots of Matrix feedback that we should take into account when we get there
	- Jitsi feedback: it needs to scale, and it needs to stream
- Should we accept the Google terms for the upgrade? Don't know what'll happen if we don't
	- Looks like our account will eventually get suspended.
	- They'll migrate us June 1st, but billing doesn't start until August 1st, 2022.
	- $282/month if we don't delete accounts.
	- We COULD do this for a few months if we need to buy ourselves a few extra months but we don't want to do this.
	- We can also look into Google for Nonprofits
		- Ask in Staff if we are incorporated as a nonprofit

## OSEM
