<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-06-28 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- June 28, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/275)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan, nomad, AJ, Don/sntxrr, Dawn, Salt
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: AJ
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 12 (?)
- Ambassadors: 
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 2 -> 
- Sponsors: 0
- Keynote Nominations: 43


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda

## Progress updates
### SRE & Tech
- have migrated to new OSEM. Seems to be going ok. Some lingering issues to be addressed. Overall it seems to have gone well and we're in a much better place now.
- migrated Google account to new system. Have until August before charges start rolling in.

### Programming & Flow
- Waiting to hear back (tomorrow's meeting) about voting. Next step is PC to go through and reach out to selected people. Not sharing the voting results (traditional).
- CfP
  - new OSEM means we can get to work on CfP.
  - Putting final touches on blog post.
  - Should be launching soon.
  - OSEM issues are not blockers for PC.
- Need to discuss about Google decomisioning because of August deadline.

### Outreach
- Salt trying to connect with Mateus
- still need more assistance here

### Finance
- der.hans going on leave but some things need to be finished

### Partnerships
- we're ok in terms of being able to cover this year's expenses
- but we should be doing something about this if we want to stay okay

## Regular reminders
- Theme for year 10 needs more brainstorming
- Invite a friend to the organizing efforts

## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
- [ ] #222 review retrospective (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - complete: tech, finance, partnerships, programming
- [x] #245 review web site for needed updates (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - no longer value in tracking this. If you find something wrong, fix it.
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message

### 03/08
- [ ] updated graphic assets for 2022 (Mateus)
- [ ] create issue templates that document how they should be used (der.hans, AJ)
  - not just finance

### 03/22
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)

### 05/17
- [x] go over reimbursement and other budget requests with AJ (Hans or Norm)
  - hasn't happened yet.
  - Is this a duplicate of issue template?
- [ ] make sure you are in the #SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org Matrix Room (everyone)
  - URL: https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org
  - notify tech to get invited: sNTxRr or AJ

### 05/31
- [ ] start reaching out to partners/sponsors with prospectus (Everyone)
  - https://seagl.org/sponsors/2022
- [x] reach out to dawn and matt about helping with IDEA message (Salt)
- [ ] direct email folks who aren't yet in the Matrix channels (Salt)
  - no progress, somewhat waiting on matrix room version meeting discussed below.
  - Tech should have email
- [x] update get-involved page and finalize virtual announcement
  - virtual announcement a blocker and discussed below.
  - nathan made a pass on the get-involved page/website.
  - if the announcement is all that's left, lets call this issue itself done.

### 06/14
- [ ] organize IDEA meeting timing (Salt)
  - in progress
  - anyone interested in a first-touch, please add your availability here: https://whenisgood.net/bd27tkm
  - Aiming to have the meeting in the next seven days, starting from Thursday
  - Dawn has submitted availability for the next week, and converted timezones to Seattle time on the fly
- [ ] organize Matrix Room version conversation (Salt)
  - anyone interested, please add your availability here: https://whenisgood.net/5ffemwr
- [ ] decide how we are tracking sponsors being contacted (der.hans)
- [x] publish virtual announcement post by Monday, 6/20
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/pull/330
  - this slipped Salt's mind and could still use a review
  - anyone who notices it is unmerged by Thursday 6/30 @ 3pm PT should go ahead and do that unless something major comes up.
  - two votes for publishing right now
  - Nathan will do it.
- [x] vote for keynotes, closes Monday, 6/20 (Everyone)
- [x] migrate to upstream OSEM (AJ)
- [x] follow up with Matt and Dawn about AX committee (Salt)
- [ ] begin impresario future proofing if apprentice impresario doesn't appear by 9/1 (Salt)
  - needs to be turned into a GH issue.
  - is there a way to add due dates to GH issues?
- [x] verify folks who have had to take a step back are removed from mailinglists and calendar invites (Salt)
  - have sent asks out but not heard from everyone.
- [ ] make pass on meeting pad to remove duplicate or no-longer relevant info (Salt)
  - no progress


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
- 
-->

### SeaGL assets for SCaLE
- Matt will be there with table space on July 27
- What should be on the handbill?
  - CfP dates? (Probably nearing the close)
- Do we want to do another sticker run?
  - Print deadline: ????????
  - Follow up with Matt
  - shipping time? Probably need to take care of this before next meeting.
- Open an issue to track
  - separate from save the date issue?
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/248

### DevOps Days Seattle
- listed us as sponsor
- should we recpricate?

### All-hands Facilitation
- Salt may have timing issues with meetings for next couple months
- might need someone else to facilitate.
- anyone interested in doing this regularly?

### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow: Nathan & ??
- Finance: der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience: ?? & Dawn
- Promotion & Outreach: ?? & Mateus
- Partnerships: der.hans & ??
- SRE/Technical: Don & AJ
- Volunteers: J & ??
  - Potentially highest need right now, can hopefully help fill other committees
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access: Mateus & ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct: sNTxRr & ??
- Impresario: Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentice impresario, anyone who is interested please volunteer or invite a friend!

### Committee Meetings (Salt)
- What are the meeting schedule for each committee? Is help needed regarding tools, frequency, etc?
- Programming & Flow: Thursday, 16 June 19:00 PT (Every other Thursday is target)
- Finance: every other Monday at 4pm PT, off-week from all-hands
- Attendee Experience: ?? (will figure out a cadence as we spin this up)
  - should be meeting this week/next week
- Promotion & Outreach: Tuesday, 14 June @ 17:30 PT (half hour before all-hands for now)
- Partnerships: co-located with Finance meetings
- SRE & Technical: every other Wednesday at 6pm PST, off-week from all-hands
- Volunteers: ?? (TBD)
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ?? (TBD)
- CoC: Code of Conduct: ?? (TBD)
  - sNTxRr is available as Tech rep to this committee.
- Impresario: ??


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)

### 06/28 - New TODOs
- [ ] publish virtual announcement (Nathan)
- [ ] prepare materials for SCaLE (Mateus)
- [ ] add reciprical sponsors to website (Salt)
- [ ] figure out all-hands faciliation for july and august (Salt)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
[Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)

<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] Intro to SeaGL
  - should include that we're going virtual again this year.
- [ ] Intro to SeaGL Program (Values, who we are, how we work, etc)
- [ ] announce prospectus, partners and sponsors ( partnership committee )

### Timeline
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens <- we are here
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, July 12 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: Wednesday, 29 June 18:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: Bi-Weekly, half-hour before all-hands, Tue 5:30pm
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan: Great seeing everyone here. Don made the night even better with dog cam. Requests dog(and cat?) feed for the green room.
- nomad: CfP is going to be good.
- AJ: excited about things falling into place/happening. Got to close a bug from 2013 about OSEM that can finally be closed.
- Don/sntxrr: Excited about last week's tech meeting. Got a lot of stuff going. Proud of the work the tech team is doing.
- Dawn: Being here has made the week. Glad to see things falling into place.
- Salt: thanks for patience, thanks AJ for facilitating.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
- nomad


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->

