<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-05-31 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- May 31, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/262)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: der.hans, nomad, Nathan, Dawn, Don/sntxrr, AJ (late)
- Apologies: Salt, Ben
- Facilitator: Nathan
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 12 (?)
- Ambassadors: 
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 2 -> 2
- Sponsors: 0
- Keynote Nominations: 43


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
  - keep reaching
- [ ] #222 review retrospective (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - complete: tech, finance, partnerships
- [ ] #245 review web site for needed updates (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt, Ben, Lacey)
  - the sponsor prospectus is done and posted
  - need to start reaching out (starting before next week's meeting)
  - If you know someone and want to reach out please let us know, happy for the help

### 03/08
- [ ] updated graphic assets for 2022 (Mateus)
  - no report
- [ ] create issue templates that document how they should be used (Lacey, Mateus, anyone else)
  - no report

### 03/22
- [ ] draft initial outreach message (der.hans, Ben, Lacey, Salt, anyone else)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message
  - still looking for feedback
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - still looking for feedback
  - might be replacing with a different proposal
  - Matt has expressed an interest in helping with wording.
  - Dawn says they can help
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
  - moar brainstorming is needed.

### 05/03
- [ ] go over past volunteering documents (Salt, J)
  - Salt has tried to reach out to J again, but to no avail. Any assistance in making a connection appreciated.
- [ ] verify website reflects a virtual-only conference (Nathan)
  - TBD, right after this meeting

### 05/17
- [ ] go over reimbursement and other budget requests with AJ (Hans or Norm)
  - not yet done but it has been discussed a bit in committee
  - tech is waiting on input before making the form
- [ ] make sure you are in the #SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org Matrix Room (everyone)
  - the URL is: https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org
  - might want to email the regular people with updated joining info for the google group
  - Dawn says they looked at the Seattle Matrix but new registrations seem to be disabled.
  - tech says they plan to upgrade the room to make joining easier but it's not done yet.
  - notify tech to get invited: sNTxRr or AJ


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
- 
-->

### Virtual announcement
- draft: https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_virtual_announcement
- need to get this released soon
- put updated contact page on site?
- need to update the get-involved page (currently says might be virtual)
- do you want to use the pad? 
  - Yes, use hashtags for comments.
  - if it looks good we'll move to a pull request
- CFP should be open in June.
- Dawn did some work on this during the meeting

### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow - Nathan & ??
- Finance - der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience - ?? & ??
  - Need someone(s) here
- Promotion & Outreach - Ben & Lacey
- Partnerships - der.hans & ??
  - biggest need right now. Anyone excited to talk with other groups?
  - der.hans steps up but hopes someone else will take it over.
- SRE/Technical - Don & AJ
- Volunteers - J & ??
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - Mateus & ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct - sNTxRr & ??
- Impresario - Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentice impresario, anyone who is interested please volunteer or invite a friend!
- Most pressing needs are Partnerships and Attendee Experience, would calm Salt's mind

### Committee Meetings (Salt)
- What are the meeting schedule for each committee? Is help needed regarding tools, frequency, etc?
- Programming & Flow - Thursday, 2 June @ 19:00 PT
- Finance - every other Monday at 4pm PT, off-week from all-hands
- Attendee Experience - ??
- Promotion & Outreach - Tuesday, 14 June @ 17:30 PT
- Partnerships - co-located with Finance meetings
- SRE/Technical - every other Wednesday at 6pm PST, off-week from all-hands
- Volunteers - ??
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct - ??
- Impresario - ??


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Welcome Dawn!

### 05/31 - New TODOs
- [ ] start reaching out to partners/sponsors with prospectus (Everyone)
- [ ] reach out to dawn and matt about helping with IDEA message (Salt)
- [ ] direct email folks who aren't yet in the Matrix channels (Salt)
- [ ] update get-involved page and finalize virtual announcement

## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
[Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)

<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] Intro to SeaGL
  - should include that we're going virtual again this year.
- [ ] Intro to SeaGL Program (Values, who we are, how we work, etc)
- [ ] announce prospectus, partners and sponsors ( partnership committee )

### Timeline
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens <- we are here
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, June 14 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: Thursday, 2 June @ 19:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- der.hans: kept busy with urgencies but doing ok. Glad we got through so much so quickly. Happy to see Dawn
- nomad: It's been a week. It will continue being a week. For the forseeable future at least.
- Nathan: It was nice playing the roll of Salt for a day. Was traveling for work, nice to be home now
- Dawn: Melb's weather is appalling. Is good to be here. hoping to be able to meet everyone in person next year.
- Don/sntxrr: welcome Dawn. Told a funny story while a dog barked.
- AJ: Feeling good but tired. It's really hot in NYC and it's only going to get hotter and not ready for it. Very excited about wifi working.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
- nomad


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


