<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->


# 2022.05.23 SeaGl Finance

- May 23rd, 2022. 1600 Pacific Time
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_finance)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_finance)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [Lead Sheet] (https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/otw43NPCx7GomRn)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: der.hans, Salt, Norm
- Apologies:
- Facilitator: Norm
- Note Taker(s): Norm
- Note Taker(s) for next time: 
- Salt concerned about lack of people stepping up.
- Norm frayed from the house move and allergies.
- Hans:  scary trip to ER, but all good.

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)

# Agenda
## Previous ToDo
### Angenda for next meeting
- Sponsors - Different tier for smaller companies/individual?
  - Will talk about in relation to prospectus.
  - Input on the form...  only from Salt.
  - Work adventure?  May not be a financial cost, but mostly a volunteer cost.
    - Salt opposed at this time.   Does not want to bring into another platform unless volunteer status changes.
  - Spronsorship for bandwidth.  Salt worried about branding.  
- No one in partnerships
- Want to talk about Attendee Experiance vs Social.
  - Put expensive things (or priorities for us) on top.  Above the track stuff.
    - Even though TeaGL is a want, should be at the bottom because of overall importance.
    - Also make sure that sponsor important items are at the top.  Things where the sponsor gets their name out there.
    - Prospectus updated on the fly and finalized.
  - At least work on the media sponsors?
  

### References
- [2021 fiscal sponsor details](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1On-iXCVhR1jgV4hCXdmTkLunlayPYrMA9nCmRBwuz10/)
- [budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/)
- [2021 lead sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AZx2F2zmOQD-lfBdHj9YWNqvndj8lShrXjrbS43-8Es/)
- [2021 sponsor interest form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1-ywoXdgLRLMysJmWEGEGB0wNcKOpnrusTEV6_Y1XT20/)
- [2021 sponsor agreement form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WdMBv4itd-JtNh9FxK07fdtcdw5EOqSaJQ3_8FJvTXc/)
- [OSI budget template](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jJCPIW8nHFMN8C7Lkp3TPyyzuQCRgP22/)
- [2022 Prospectus](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KLPVivebRZUxb5tAyT8hnNhCHmEnPzdS2CbdYRx-eHA/edit#)

### How to document/verify that we have been paid?
- This taken care of by the shared spreadsheet?
- Would like to hve a verification email or something.
- can we get a monthly (or more regular) accounting? can this be in a csv so that we can have in rev control?
- want to wait on spreadsheet magic until we know where we are heading
- CC finance on all emails with OSI.
  [ ] Email OSI and start discussion on the above  (Norm) - Do by 5/27

### sponsor prospectus timeline / shared labor
  [ ] request monthly transactions (hans/norm)  - Add to OSI email
#### Prospectus/Sponsorship discusstion
[x] Draft Prospectus.  Next week by All-hands.   (Salt)
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KLPVivebRZUxb5tAyT8hnNhCHmEnPzdS2CbdYRx-eHA/edit#
- Add-ons?
    - Maybe give add-on numbers per tier of sponsorship?  What virtual add-ons that were sponsored in the past two years?  What add-ons were not sponsored?  Any way to limit the list or simplify the list?  
  - Don't restrict things
  - Range of money for tiers?
  - Limit choices
  - How to bring in enough money for next year without scaring away companies.
- Sill unsure how to handle small/local sponsors.
- Can we note local businesses no matter the size of the company?  
  - Can we have special ribbons for speakers, sponsors, local, etc?
[x] Take a look at organizing add-ons (Hans)
[x]  Push prospectus to the site  (Salt)
[ ]  Need blog post about the prospectus being live.

#### Sponsorship Spreadsheet
[ ] investigate formular to capture person and datestamp when an account is marked paid (hans)
- Hans worked on formulas, but did not get that far.
  - 3-5 hours to convert it.
  - how do we want to deal with sponsors
    - paid vs non-paid.   OSI not involved with non-paid, but contracts, etc?
    - keep lead sheet seperate from the actual sponsor spreadsheet.
      - reduce info/discussion with OSI
      - protect info of lead sheet.
  - people/timestamps is difficult.   may just use dropdowns/hand enter
  - Hans looking at NextCloud.
  [x] determine loe to move to OSI budget spreadsheet (hans)
  [ ] Finish prepping the OSI spreadsheet (hans and norm working session)
  [ ]  Move Lead Sheet over to NextCloud  (hans and norm working session)

###  Sponsors
- Different tier for smaller companies/individual?   
- Start looking at Media sponsors for promotion.

### higher priority spreadsheet or prospectus?
- prospectus would seem a higher priority, but...
  - We do not know what we are doing this year.   hybrid or virtual
  - prospectus delayed until venue type is decided next month.
- Spreadsheet higher priority right now.
  - fields to document OSI 'API'.
  - also track who enters what on which date.
  - easy to use/transform data from monthly updates.



### Outstanding Financial items
- Email from Ben
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/170
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/235
  - Still quite a large number still out there.
    - Hans x 1
    - Salt x ?
    - Keith x 1
- Use process we created and follow it.
- Monthly meetins with OSI financial?
  - Maybe get the monthly data a week before? Not waiting for the day of to review.
  - New, outstanding, recent items.
  [ ] Include in email to OSI (Norm)
- Salt paying for storage.  Moved out and then in.
  
### Misc Items
  - Periodic coffee/doughnuts for the teams?
    - Maybe OSI when we first meeting with them.
    - Committees...  $200 for each for team building?
       - Feedback in the All-hands
    - Gift Cards for remote/virtual meetings?

## Retrospective
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md
  - work through budget requests, including old ones stuck around from 2020 (Hans)
  - add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
    - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
  - submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)
  - confirm Mind's Eye has gotten paid from OSI (Salt)
    - Meet with OSI
      - What can we legally do to give them up to 5K?
      - What other 'gotchas' for using out of country peole?
      - A way to change the contract/wording to not have the 30% held?
      - Need to test spreadsheet/process
    - Can we make it right by giving a 'bonus'?
    - Talk to Nathan (after OSI meeting).
  - Bikeshed
    - continue to streamline sponsor processing
    - fully transition to consistent document formats
    - write more documentation for external consumption

  ## Timeline
  - Decision on hybrid/virtual first meeting after May 1.
    - Prospectus middle of May
  - Monthly transactions - April 25th.
  - Outstanding financial items
    - Ben's April 18th.
    - Find all items already turned in...  get summary.
      [ ] Norm to gather list - 5/30
      - See what is not in process yet.

###  Transaction Tech
- Ask tech if can have a github template for budget items, re-imbursements,
  - NEED A PRIVATE AREA/REPOSITORY
- NextCloud has a forms tool that could export to CSV, then import 

# Partnerships
- No one so far.
  - Need to discuss on next meeting.

# IDEA - mentioned in meeting.
[x] Hans requesting writeup of what we are looking for in people (Salt).
- Everyone to look at, perferably someone in addition to finance.
- https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message

# Nextcloud
- Accounts coming.  
- Need to remove old account and then get the lead sheet locked.

# Exihbitors
- Changed most references from exhibitors to partners.
- Site updated by salt.

# New items for next week

## Call for volunteers and such needed.

## Update donations section:  Mastodon, etc.

## Need to look at once we get Partnerships people.
- RedHat program? - brought by Salt

    - https://contributor.link/

- Once we get non-profit, working other companies - OpenSuse (since we use their calendar), etc. - brought by Hans
- Document what we are using and how.   What is pro/con of the item. Example: Big blue button.  Hopefully promote communittee discussion. - brought by Hans

Future partnership leads
- Jupiter broadcasting (podcast) - help promote
  - self hosted show (ssh).
- Tuxedo computers
- Destination linux (podcast) - help promote (hans)
  - They are rebranding Destination Linux to Tux Digital
  - Help pass the word since they were a sponsor last year.
- Linux Magazine has a calendar of events.
  - https://www.linux-magazine.com/Resources/Event-Calendar#

# Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Salt:  
- Hans:  Big blue button annoyance.  Fence issues.  Lots to do.  Prospectus done.
- Norm: Needs to get better about blood suger levels.
