<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-07-26 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- July 26, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/290)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: der.hans, nomad, Don/sNTxRr, Salt, Mateus, AJ, Dawn
- Apologies: Nathan
- Facilitator: Salt
- Facilitator for next  time: 
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 
  - Chairs: 10
- Ambassadors: 
  - not yet started
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 5 -> 6
  - office hours, cfp, virtual, kicking off, keynotes, archives
- Sponsors: 10 -> (not paid)
- Confirmed Keynotes: 3
- Keynote Nominations: 43
- CFP Talk Submissions: 4


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda

## Committee Progress Updates
### SRE & Technical
- Nothing big to update
- office hours room set up
- figured out how to get SeaGL namespace working (Matrix)
  - delayed a bit by protocol/software conflict

### Programming & Flow
#### Keynotes
- We have 3 Confirmed Keynote Presenters!
  - Ernie Smith
  - Aeva Black
  - Sumana Harihareswara
- Good representaion mix so far.

#### CFP
- We received 4 CFP talk submissions so far.
  - We have a long way to go before we have enough submissions to put together a full and high quality program.
  - Please advertise our CFP on Social Media and in your communities.
- We also launched [Office Hours](https://seagl.org/news/2022/07/22/office-hours.html).
  - If you know anyone on the fence about submitting or who needs help, direct them to attend.
 - not a lot of submissions yet. Please promote!
 - not a lot of uptake of office hours yet
 - hopeful for Friday/Saturday

#### Speaker Gifts [Dawn]
- Physical ones just for keynote speakers?
- virtual for all?
- Aim is to do *something* for every speaker
- Salt wants toe socks to match the SeaGL 5 gloves

### Outreach
- Could use more volunteers on promotion/outreach team.
- Finishing materials for SCaLE
- more social media in the next few days

### Finance
- Thanks AJ for meeting
  - templates for reimbursements
  - walked through possibilities
  - more research underway
- Need to start sending emails for sponsors
- Norm did reach out to OSI but no response yet. Need followup.

### Partnerships
- See above

### Attendee Experience
- Discussion happened in executive session.
- message tweaked from invite to 'we want to make this open and welcoming, give us ideas'


## Regular reminders
- Theme for year 10 needs more brainstorming
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/246
  - Aiming for 1 SEP announce date
- Invite a friend to the organizing efforts


## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
- [ ] #222 review retrospective (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - complete: tech, finance, partnerships, programming, impresario
  - [ ] Attendee Experience: Dawn & Matt
  - [ ] Promotion & Outreach: ?? & Mateus
  - [ ] Volunteers: ?? & ??
  - [ ] IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access: Mateus & ??
  - [ ] CoC: Code of Conduct: sNTxRr & ??
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message
  - doubling back on it now

### 03/08
- [ ] updated graphic assets for 2022 (Mateus)
  - SCaLE
  - what other ones do we need?
  - social media banners
- [ ] create GH issue templates that document how they should be used (der.hans, AJ)
  - see notes above

### 03/22
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - can't send this as is because there are bits with squiggly wording right now
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_theme_brainstorming

### 05/17
- [ ] make sure you are in the #SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org Matrix Room (everyone)
  - URL: https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org
  - notify tech to get invited: sNTxRr or AJ

### 05/31
- [ ] start reaching out to partners/sponsors with prospectus (Everyone)
  - https://seagl.org/sponsors/2022
- [ ] direct email folks who aren't yet in the Matrix channels (Salt)
  - waiting for a bit

### 06/14
- [ ] decide how we are tracking sponsors being contacted (der.hans)
  - no progress yet
- [ ] begin impresario future proofing if apprentice impresario doesn't appear by 9/1 (Salt)
  - it's getting late to bring on people but keeping it on in hopes someone(s) will step forward
- [ ] make pass on meeting pad to remove duplicate or no-longer relevant info (Salt)
  - no progress yet

### 06/28
- [ ] prepare materials for SCaLE (Mateus)
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/248
  - 4/page and chop up without blue border
  - take a look
  - Change wording on CfP line to say "is open now" instead of a closing date.
- [ ] figure out all-hands facilitation for July and August (Salt)
  - der.hans should be available for meetings through August
  - AJ is backup

## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
- 
-->

### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow: Nathan & ??
- Finance: der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience: Dawn & Matt
  - Thanks!
- Promotion & Outreach: ?? & Mateus
- Partnerships: der.hans & ??
- SRE & Technical: Don & AJ
- Volunteers: ?? & ??
  - Potentially highest need right now, can hopefully help fill other committees
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access: Mateus & ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct: sNTxRr & ??
- Impresario: Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentice impresario, anyone who is interested please volunteer or invite a friend!

### should we consider merging some of the groups together?
- probably not at this time
- Some are primarily event-only while some are year-round
- need to balance how many people we have with how many committes we want
- Do we want to have a supermeeting with lots of groups to work out where the overlaps are
  - these all-hands kind of count, no?
  - not as focused on this specific issue.
  - [ ] send out a poll to find a time (Dawn)


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
### are we moving the CfP deadline back?
- Will be discussed in the next PF meeting (Thursday)
- der.hans would like notification before SCaLE

### Office Hours & CfP
- Add them to the site as prominent thing

### 08/09 - New TODOs


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
[Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)

<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [x] Intro to SeaGL
  - should include that we're going virtual again this year.
- [x] Intro to SeaGL Program (Values, who we are, how we work, etc)
- [ ] announce prospectus, partners and sponsors ( partnership committee )
- [x] office hours ( programming committee )
- [ ] announce keynote speakers (programming committee)
- [ ] announce cfp extension?  (programming committee)

### Timeline
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens <- we are here
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, August 9 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: Thursday, 28 July 19:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: Bi-Weekly, half-hour before all-hands, Tue 5:30pm
  - follow up with Salt and Mateus (der.hans)
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- der.hans: glad we're in a good mood and entertaining despite meltdown. After SCaLE can come back refreshed and engaging.
- nomad: Looking forward to November because it'll be cooler then. I need to use a quieter keyboard.
- Don/sNTxRr: Looking forward to cooler days, dogs are looking forward to going outside in the heat.
- Salt: Impressed by everyone doing things and being here
- Mateus: Mic is fixed. Not a problem with the heat. Excited because things will be good for everyone.
- AJ: Very tired. Good to see everyone. Grateful for AC. Thinking of everyone.
- Dawn: Glad not having to deal with US weather conditions. Going somewhere else for .au Summer (arriving at LAX after SeaGL). Grateful to be around a great group of people.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
- nomad

# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


