<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-09-06 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- September 6, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/300)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
  - [Backup Jit.si room](https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)
- [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: nomad, Norm,  Nathan, der.hans, Andrew, AJ, Don/sntxrr, Salt
  - Today's meeting is at https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2022_all-hands
- Apologies: lisushka
- Facilitator: der.hans
- Facilitator for next time: 
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 
  - Chairs: 10
- Ambassadors: 
  - not yet started
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 7 -> 
- Sponsors: 16 -> +2 media sponsors at least
- Confirmed Keynotes: 3 -> 3
- Keynote Nominations: 43
- CFP Talk Submissions: 38 -> 39

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda

## Committee Progress Updates
### SRE & Technical
- still settling on the tech for the talks
- talked about a list of priorities if a DDoS/other attack happens
### Programming & Flow
- still trying to find 4th keynote
- meeting tomorrow about program tracks
- OSEM related issues
- der.hans - trying to set up the career consult stuff without competing with other talks
  - Thursday night? Sunday night?
- der.hans - meet the sponsors slot?
  - not promised in the advertising. Usually just in the opening remarks.
### Outreach
- linux magazine is going to give us some ad space in print and online
- fosslife
### Finance
### Partnerships
- added a couple media sponsors
  - nathan wants a breakdown
- put together a basic budget, waiting to hear back from OSI on a few items
- if we hit fundraising similar to last year we'll be ok for next year in person
- graphical recording question raised
- question about process for reimbursement
  - it's becoming important
  - Haven't heard back from Phylis at OSI
  - it's a github issue for submission of reimburasement request, it's in the links from last year. 
    - Found this link, not sure if its right: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/223
      - ( yes, this link, thanks )
### Attendee Experience
- Andrew helped mail out the 2020 speaker gifts.
- Some are international and require customs forms.

## Regular reminders
- Theme for year 10 needs more brainstorming
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/246
  - Aiming for 1 SEP announce date
  - Salt has not sent yet. Wants to get a poll out with a week of voting. Decision at next meeting.
- Invite a friend (or five) to the organizing efforts


## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
  - need help with volunteer wrangling and other day-of activities
- [ ] #222 review retrospective (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - complete: tech, finance, partnerships, programming, impresario
  - [ ] Attendee Experience: Dawn & Matt
  - [ ] Promotion & Outreach: ?? & Mateus
  - [ ] Volunteers: ?? & ??
  - [ ] IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access: Mateus & ??
  - [ ] CoC: Code of Conduct: sNTxRr & ??
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message

### 03/08
- [ ] create GH issue templates that document how they should be used (der.hans, AJ)
  - is this a wish to have or a must have?
  - Salt: wish to have for this year, must have in terms of on-going documented processes

### 03/22
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - pushing button at the end of the next supercommittee meeting
    - waiting on the meeting to happen first
    - hasn't happened yet
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
  - ~~https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_theme_brainstorming~~
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/246
  - This should only be in one place
    - [ ] de-dupe theme pad and GH issue (salt, der.hans)
  - hoping to send out a poll a week from now (9/6).
    - Get your suggestions in now.

### 05/17
- [ ] make sure you are in the #SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org Matrix Room (everyone)
  - waiting on room upgrade
  - upgrade happened but something ain't right
  - Once in the main space you should be able to join other rooms as needed.
  - URL: https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org
  - notify tech to get invited: sNTxRr or AJ
    - no one said they weren't in there.
  - still trying to upgrade. Will need to click a button to make sure you're in a new room when the upgrade happens.

### 05/31
- [ ] direct email folks who aren't yet in the Matrix channels (Salt)

### 06/14
- [ ] decide how we are tracking sponsors being contacted (der.hans)
  - might not happen this year, open to offers of help
- [ ] begin impresario future proofing if apprentice impresario doesn't appear by 9/1 (Salt)
  - no progress
- [x] make pass on meeting pad to remove duplicate or no-longer relevant info (Salt)
  - some work during this mtg, thanks for helping out! (TADONE)

### 08/23
- [ ] update calendar event to be weekly starting in September (Salt)
  - the calendar event has not yet been updated
  - next meeting is next Tuesday, 2022-09-13 18:00 PDT
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors about volunteers for outreach & partnerships (der.hans)
  - we've got some opportunities for ads. Need visuals.
- [ ] look into moderation and mitigation plans (various)
  - tech - on the radar, will be factored into tech planning in general
  - other committees need to consider it as well
    - e.g. volunteer moderators

## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)

-->
 
### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow: Nathan & ??
  - if only 3 keynotes, the 10 years of SeaGL would be reasonable [Salt]
- Finance: der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience: Dawn & Matt
- Promotion & Outreach: ?? & Mateus
- Partnerships: der.hans & ??
- SRE & Technical: Don & AJ
- Volunteers: ?? & ??
  - Potentially highest need right now, can hopefully help fill other committees
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access: Mateus & ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct: sNTxRr & ??
- Impresario: Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentice impresario, anyone who is interested please volunteer or invite a friend!
  - no beard required


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)

### 09/06 - New TODOs
- [ ] de-dupe theme pad and GH issue (salt, der.hans)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
[Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)

<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] announce prospectus, partners and sponsors (partnership committee)
- [ ] announce keynote speakers (programming committee)
  - being discussed at tomorrow's meeting

### Timeline
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
  - need to schedule for follow-up on star voting
- TBD: Select Speakers <- we are here
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
  - provide guidance for speakers
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Weekly All-hands: Tuesday, **September** 13 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: Wednesday, September 7, 7pm PDT
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: Bi-Weekly, half-hour before all-hands, Tue 5:30pm
- SRE/Technical: Weekly, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- nomad: glad the weather is changing, looking forward to a good autumn, hoping to travel next year
- Norm: getting nervous about OSI
- Nathan: It's hot
- der.hans: back up to 115F and 25% humidity. This is unpleasant. Feeling better. Getting some things done. Glad to see everyone else getting things done.
- Andrew: not much, as usual. Will be dealing with OSEM
- AJ: forgot what was going to be said. Going on vacation next week but might be at the meeting anyway
- Don/sntxrr: excited to see everyone. "it's coming fast"
- Salt: Doing well, excited to see everyone still working and keeping things going. Navigating a variety of things. OSI stuff is troublesome but we're going to make it work.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
- nomad

# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


