<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-04-05 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- April 5, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/249)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan, Salt, nomad, Ben. AJ, Mateus, Norm, Don/sntxrr
- Apologies: Andrew, Hans, J
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): Norm
- Note Taker(s) for next time: 

### Metrics - not tracking at this time
- Staff: 
- Ambassadors: 
- Social Shares: 
- Blog Posts: 
- Sponsors: 
- Keynote Nominations:


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
- [ ] #222 review retrospective by next meeting (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
- [ ] #245 review web site for needed updates by next meeting (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt, Ben, Lacey)
  - no progress

### 03/08
- [ ] turn retrospective tasks into GH issues (Lacey)
- [ ] outreach to meet up to exchange info / go over processes and make plans (Ben & Lacey)
  - Ben sent proposals
- [ ] meet to fold over some volunteer role information stuff (Lacey & J)
- [ ] updated graphic assets for 2022 (Mateus)
  - Due in 2 weeks (Linux Fest NW)
- [ ] create issue templates that document how they should be used (Lacey & Mateus)

### 03/22
- [ ] Connect J and Lucy to talk about volunteering (Salt)
  - Salt pinged, no response
- [ ] draft initial outreach message (der.hans, Ben, Lacey, Salt, anyone else)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - Asking for eyes on the doc
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
- [ ] connect with Hans to schedule first Finance Committee meeting (Norm)
  - Reviewing schedules with Hans.
- [ ] consider changing title of committee "chair"
  - Is this scaring some folks away?
  - Alternatives: leads, champions, cat-herders, organizer, flockers, ???


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### Virtual vs Hybrid (Salt)
- nathan: attended first in-person, lots of things that made it feel safe
- nathan: hard to enforce vax and neg test requirement, maybe masks
- salt: agree, hard with anon and no reg
- nomad: is onsite critical?
- ben: cfps down, people want to meet in person
- aj: hallway track
- nomad: if we can't do vax/test can we do safely?
- aj: 
- salt:  Virtual hallway track is a challenge, would like to do better.
- nathan:  all numbers are down in virtual events.  having an in person, can we double down on local?
- salt:  have a number of sponsors are chomping at the bit for in person.   data, but should not drive.  if we has in person, what about the auxiliary items (parties, teagl, etc).  
- salt:  OTHER BIG FACTOR - contact from past events moved.  may have to move because of support, etc.
- nathan:   what is salt's schedule?   have time to organize new place?  
- salt: not concerned at this time.   worried about # of volunteers if we go to a bigger place like UW.
- aj: what if on-site cannibalizes the virtual hallway track?
- ben: not concerned about virtual hallway.  not impressed with most virtual hallways in other events.  Was impressed with an even that did not try to mix virtual and in person hallways.  
- salt:  reason for pushing decision/schedule is asking for keynotes....   that could impact people's decision if it was in person/hybrid/virtual.
- salt:  poll the community about this?
- nomad:  how to approach the community?
  - "How likely would you be to attend an all-virtual event?" "How likely would you be to attend a hybrid event in person?" "How likely would you be to attend a hybrid event virtually?" 
- salt:  maybe 4 simple questions...   
- ben:  phrasing...   would you attend if...   preference for attending....   etc.
- salt:  can we draft something by the end of the week?
- AJ:  another question....  if we do <something>, would you be willing to volunteer?
- [ ] generate poll
- [ ] decision on first meeting after May 1.

### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow - Nathan & ??
- Finance - der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience - ?? & ??
- Promotion & Outreach - Ben & Lacey
- Partnerships - ?? & ??
- SRE/Technical - Don & AJ
- Volunteers - J & ??
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ?? & ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct - ?? & ??
- Impresario - Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentice impresario, anyone who is interested please volunteer or invite a friend!
- Still need Attendee Exp and Partnerships.  Partnerships and apprentice impresario would calm Salt's mind

### tech move plan
- concerns on documents, mailing lists, etc migration
- timeline June 1st unless we want to pay again

### Committee Meetings (Salt)
- What are the meeting schedule for each committee? Is help needed regarding tools, frequency, etc?
- Programming & Flow - ??
- Finance - ??
- Attendee Experience - ??
- Promotion & Outreach - ??
- Partnerships - ??
- SRE/Technical - every other Wednesday at 6pm PST, off-week from all-hands
- Volunteers - ??
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct - ??
- Impresario - ??


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
salt:  does miss in person events.  AJ - one idea is to have conference virtual, have the parties/social events in person.  nomad - known bars/events?   Friday's used to be FSF gathering, but things have happened since then.   getting a bar and one round will not kill us.   getting restaurant with food is more expensive.  is liability a concern?  maybe 'informal' gatherings?  can sponsors do something?  big deal with sponsor bar events is that people are already there.

### 04/05 - New TODOs
- [ ] generate poll to ask community about virtual vs hybrid
- [ ] create GH issue to set decision  for virtual vs hybrid on first meeting after May 1


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] Kick-off / Volunteers Welcome (Ben, Lacey, J)
  - what help needed for kick-off blog post?
  - need call for volunteers?
- [ ] Thursday, March 24: Keynote Nominations Open (Nathan) [?]
  - need more eyes?  

### Timeline
- End ~~Start~~ of March: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- Late March: OSEM ready for programming committee testing
- Tentatively April 1: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: 
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week after testing or more: OSEM launched
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP opens
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, April 19 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org


#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: 
- Finance and Partnerships: 
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan: program is happening, things are starting surreal
- Salt: Thankful that people are here and nathan's question.
- nomad: same
- Ben: did not expect that we would still be guessing about the pandemic.   excited that things are moving
- AJ: Tech committee is chugging along.
- Mateus: Today's discussion was important.   appreciate everyone's work.
- Norm: found talks of hybrid, what's virtual, what's in person interesting.
- Don/sntxrr: no voice.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
nomad volunteers

# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


