<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-08-23 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- August 23, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/297)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)
- [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: nomad, Norm, der.hans, Dawn, Don/sntxrr, AJ, Salt, Nathan
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: der.hans
- Facilitator for next time: 
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 
  - Chairs: 10
- Ambassadors: 
  - not yet started
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 7 -> 
- Sponsors: 12 -> 16
  - picked up a couple media sponsors
  - more financial sponsors would be good ( we have 2 )
- Confirmed Keynotes: 3 -> 3
- Keynote Nominations: 43
- CFP Talk Submissions: 18 -> 38 (+ late submissions - yet to be confirmed)
  - Open until August 19

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda

## Committee Progress Updates
### SRE & Technical
- Were able to do some of the matrix work, got reasonably far on it. Template script is going.
- Haven't pushed updates yet but will soon so expect some turbulence 

### Programming & Flow
- Dawn suggests we state the "closing date" clearly and set it for a day later in OSEM since it can't handle timezones.
- Salt says "Longer discussion, the tz stuff is known and being addressed, extra time hadn't ever been complained about"
- CfP has closed. We know we'll have a few late submissions. Waiting for those to confirm actual numbers. This is going to be a slow year for submissions. Hopefully we'll have enough to pull together something.

### Outreach
- Ben was contacted by a magazine about being a media sponsor (I didn't catch the name). We're double sponsored by them in at least 5 different places.

### Finance

### Partnerships
- Reached out to as many potential sponsors who were likely to be speakers (to boost the CfP) as possible last week. Might have gotten a few talks that way. Also picked up a financial sponsor.
- OSI should start responding again soon.
- Email sent last week reminding everyone about the CfP and committee budget requests.

### Attendee Experience
- Trying to get people together (time challenge) to refine the outreach message. 
- Still need their matrix channel

## Regular reminders
- Theme for year 10 needs more brainstorming
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/246
  - Aiming for 1 SEP announce date
- Invite a friend (or five) to the organizing efforts


## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
- [ ] #222 review retrospective (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - complete: tech, finance, partnerships, programming, impresario
  - [ ] Attendee Experience: Dawn & Matt
  - [ ] Promotion & Outreach: ?? & Mateus
  - [ ] Volunteers: ?? & ??
  - [ ] IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access: Mateus & ??
  - [ ] CoC: Code of Conduct: sNTxRr & ??
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message

### 03/08
- [ ] create GH issue templates that document how they should be used (der.hans, AJ)
  - Ongoing in tech, started looking into it 2 meetings ago.

### 03/22
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - pushing button at the end of the next supercommittee meeting
    - waiting on the meeting to happen first
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_theme_brainstorming
  - This should only be in one place [salt, der.hans]
  - hoping to send out a poll a week from now. Get your suggestions in now.

### 05/17
- [ ] make sure you are in the #SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org Matrix Room (everyone)
  - URL: https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org
  - notify tech to get invited: sNTxRr or AJ
    - no one said they weren't in there.
  - still trying to upgrade. Will need to click a button to make sure you're in a new room when the upgrade happens.

### 05/31
- [ ] direct email folks who aren't yet in the Matrix channels (Salt)
  - waiting for server upgrade

### 06/14
- [ ] decide how we are tracking sponsors being contacted (der.hans)
  - still being worked on
- [ ] begin impresario future proofing if apprentice impresario doesn't appear by 9/1 (Salt)
  - no progress
- [ ] make pass on meeting pad to remove duplicate or no-longer relevant info (Salt)
  - no progress

### 08/09
- [x] contact media sponsors about CFP extension (salt)
- [x] contact sri about marketing person (der.hans)
- [x] create social media scratch page (der.hans)
  - will live at top of meeting pad
  - [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)
- [x] email to seagl2022: time, budget, teagl planning/notification (der.hans)


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)

-->
 
### Have we decided on socks? (AJ)
- Salt wants toe socks for year 10. Any objections? None being heard the motion passes.
- AJ wants extra pairs we can buy

### OSEM & Time Zone problems.
- Option would be to talk about this as we gear up for next year since we'll have a better idea what our time budget and priorities are.
- In order to not forget about it before that time suggests retrospectives now.   ### RETROSPECTIVE FLAG
- [der.hans] are there any other places where the timezone problem will bite us?
- Did we ask people to provide timezones in OSEM?
  - [Nathan] We thought about it in the past but not this time. We'll send a 'if this time doesn't work for you' message with the notification.
   - [Nathan] we ask for forgiveness rather than proactive
   - Dawn would prefer proactivitiy.
   - Dawn suggests a TZ field in the submision form   ### RETROSPECTIVE FLAG
- [Salt] getting back on the osem upstream and having andrew as a maintainer means that features like profile surveys are better understood/usable 
- Further discussion in Matrix

### weekly meetings - when?
- Tech is moving to weekly now
- Dawn says now is fine with them
- der.hans will be missing/late for Tuesdays but will attend as often as possible
- start in September
- [Salt] Last year I think we waited too long

### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow: Nathan & ??
  - if only 3 keynotes, the 10 years of SeaGL would be reasonable [Salt]
- Finance: der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience: Dawn & Matt
- Promotion & Outreach: ?? & Mateus
- Partnerships: der.hans & ??
- SRE & Technical: Don & AJ
- Volunteers: ?? & ??
  - Potentially highest need right now, can hopefully help fill other committees
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access: Mateus & ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct: sNTxRr & ??
- Impresario: Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentice impresario, anyone who is interested please volunteer or invite a friend!
  - no beard required


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
 - Flagging up people from a certain corner of the internet involved in reeking a lot of havoc recently. Something we should keep in mind particularly given one of our Keynote speakers is trans.
  - [Salt] yeah, there have been more matrix raid tools being developed as well, I know tech has at least some eye on moderation tools 
  - [Nathan] Zero tolerance policy is critical
  - Need to be sure we have prepped our volunteers and moderators
  - [sNTxRr] tech will have ZERO tolerance response
  - Plan for the worst, hope for the best
  - Applies to everyone, including speakers, attendees, sponsors, etc.
  - P&C needs to discuss this in the next meeting
  - Do we have the ability to block DDoS or other attacks?
    - moderators
      - watch out for concern trolling
      - other red flags
      - equip people with tools
    - maintain documentation so we can do this better year after year
  - [der.hans] reaching out to people who ran SCaLE for 'what they did'
  - see how this was handled in the LCA playbook?

### 08/23 - New TODOs
- [ ] update calendar event to be weekly starting in September (Salt)
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors about volunteers for outreach & partnerships (der.hans)
- [ ] look into moderation and mitigation plans (various)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
[Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)

<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] announce prospectus, partners and sponsors (partnership committee)
- [ ] announce keynote speakers (programming committee)
  - email sent asking for details we can publish
  - still trying to lock in our 4th keynote speaker

### Timeline
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens <- we are here
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
  - need to schedule for follow-up on star voting
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
  - provide guidance for speakers
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, **September** 6 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: 
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: Bi-Weekly, half-hour before all-hands, Tue 5:30pm
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- nomad: looking forward to better weather
- Norm: looking forward to house remodel loan finalization.  And really happy we have a financial sponsor (maybe two).
- der.hans: bringing in people and thinking about different things is important/good. Likes that we are all on the same page wanting to set up a good conference with good content without harassment
- Dawn: Not sure if looking forward to all the time spent in airports in the near future, hoping for good payoff for it.
- Don/sntxrr: happy about conversations about making sure experience is great. Worried about tech stuff for the conference. We have 2 new tech committee volunteers.
- AJ: Feeling good, productive meeting, remembered half-way through that he's a citizen of NYC because he added his user page to the Wikimedia users group.
- Salt: Appreciates everyone being here and doing this. Looking forward to weekly meetings and getting this launched. Hoping to fill last minute committee posts.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


