<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-06-14 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- June 14, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/268)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan, nomad, Salt, AJ, der.hans, Dawn, Mateus
- Apologies: Ben
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 12 (?)
- Ambassadors: 
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 2 -> 
- Sponsors: 0
- Keynote Nominations: 43


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
  - Even more important with recent attrition
  - Salt will be doing a big push and encourages everyone else to do so as well.
- [ ] #222 review retrospective (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
  - complete: tech, finance, partnerships
- [ ] #245 review web site for needed updates (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt)
  - There may be a PAD for this.
  - Time to put on the VC hat.
  - der.hans thinks we need to get the virtual conference announcement out so it makes sense to push other things.

### 03/08
- [ ] updated graphic assets for 2022 (Mateus)
  - outreach meeting talked about new designs
  - start going in the next few weeks
- [ ] create issue templates that document how they should be used (der.hans, AJ)
  - template action item for der.hans (expense)
  - what other templates do we need?

### 03/22
- [ ] draft initial outreach message (der.hans, Salt, anyone else)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message
  - moving to 0208 issue
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - Dawn and Matt jumped on this a few weeks ago.
  - Side channel discussion (Salt will organize)
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
  - came up at the outreach meeting.
  - deadline will be set probably by next week. Keep adding things!

### 05/03
- [ ] go over past volunteering documents (Salt, J)
  - Not able to get ahold of J. Will keep trying.
  - This may be tabled until new volunteer chair sits
- [x] verify website reflects a virtual-only conference (Nathan)
  - Nothing glaring in the site
  - File tickets if you find an omission

### 05/17
- [ ] go over reimbursement and other budget requests with AJ (Hans or Norm)
  - open for now
- [ ] make sure you are in the #SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org Matrix Room (everyone)
  - URL: https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org
  - notify tech to get invited: sNTxRr or AJ
  - upgrading Matrix Room version is in the cards
    - side chat about the rooms needs to happen (Salt)

### 05/31
- [ ] start reaching out to partners/sponsors with prospectus (Everyone)
  - How are we tracking sponsors being contacted? (der.hans)
  - needs the virtual announcement to go out
- [ ] reach out to dawn and matt about helping with IDEA message (Salt)
  - no progress
- [ ] direct email folks who aren't yet in the Matrix channels (Salt)
  - waiting until after room upgrade
- [ ] update get-involved page and finalize virtual announcement
  - some progress has been made but who is assigned? (der.hans)
  - something something github something mutter mutter

## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
- 
-->

### Virtual announcement
- draft: https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_virtual_announcement
- please review
- der.hans will put in a PR for it by Friday (sooner would be better)
- publish by Monday

### Keynote Voting (Nathan)
- Folks should have two polls from CIVS in email OR should have email saying to opt in
- One week window is open now, closes on 20 JUN

### OSEM Migration (Nathan)
- Tech can go ahead and sort out at their convenience
- May be a permissions thing but o/` we can work it out o/`
- Can start prepping for the CfP once this is done
- Scheduled for Thursday, 17:00 PST (AJ)

### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow - Nathan & ??
- Finance - der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience - ?? & Dawn
  - Need someone(s) here
  - Salt will follow up with Matt
- Promotion & Outreach - ?? & Mateus
- Partnerships - der.hans & ??
  - biggest need right now. Anyone excited to talk with other groups?
  - der.hans steps up but hopes someone else will take it over.
  - der.hans wants several people
- SRE/Technical - Don & AJ
- Volunteers - J & ??
  - having problems contacting J
  - Could become the most important
  - We need volunteers before as well as day-of
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - Mateus & ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct - sNTxRr & ??
  - Work's been done, need to not let it stagnate
- Impresario - Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentice impresario, anyone who is interested please volunteer or invite a friend!
  - Need a cutoff date to start futureproofing (Nathan says)
  - By 1 SEP
  - Document, document, document
- Most pressing needs are Partnerships and Attendee Experience, would calm Salt's mind

### Committee Meetings (Salt)
- What are the meeting schedule for each committee? Is help needed regarding tools, frequency, etc?
- Programming & Flow - Thursday, 16 June 19:00 PT (Every other Thursday is target)
- Finance - every other Monday at 4pm PT, off-week from all-hands
- Attendee Experience - ?? (will figure out a cadence as we spin this up)
- Promotion & Outreach - Tuesday, 14 June @ 17:30 PT (half hour before all-hands for now)
- Partnerships - co-located with Finance meetings
- SRE/Technical - every other Wednesday at 6pm PST, off-week from all-hands
- Volunteers - ?? (TBD)
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ?? (TBD)
- CoC: Code of Conduct - ?? (TBD)
- Impresario - ??


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Appreciation for people who take care of self when needed. That's a priority. (Salt)
  - need to confirm they're removed from calendar events & such to keep from pestering them.
- need to pass on the pad to remove duplicate or no-longer relevant info (Salt)

### 06/14 - New TODOs
- [ ] organize IDEA meeting timing (Salt)
- [ ] organize Matrix Room version conversation (Salt)
- [ ] decide how we are tracking sponsors being contacted (der.hans)
- [ ] publish virtual announcement post by Monday, 6/20
- [ ] vote for keynotes, closes Monday, 6/20 (Everyone)
- [ ] migrate to upstream OSEM (AJ)
- [ ] follow up with Matt and Dawn about AX committee (Salt)
- [ ] begin impresario future proofing if apprentice impresario doesn't appear by 9/1 (Salt)
- [ ] verify folks who have had to take a step back are removed from mailinglists and calendar invites (Salt)
- [ ] make pass on meeting pad to remove duplicate or no-longer relevant info (Salt)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
[Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)

<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] Intro to SeaGL
  - should include that we're going virtual again this year.
- [ ] Intro to SeaGL Program (Values, who we are, how we work, etc)
- [ ] announce prospectus, partners and sponsors ( partnership committee )

### Timeline
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens <- we are here
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, June 28 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: Thursday, 16 June 19:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: Tuesday, 28 JUN, half-hour before All-hands
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan: lookiing forward to seeing who the keynote is. Sad to see people leaving but understands
- nomad: see you next fortnight
- Salt: excitied to see SeaGL continuing. Heart goes out to Ben and those struggling but things SeaGL can be a bright spot and it's good we're moving forward
- AJ: echos Salt. Excited for the OSEM migration but also nervous. Will be prepared by Thursday. There will be backups. It's fine.
- der.hans: Will probably be out for the next all-hands and the following Finance. Going to touch woodlands (hopefully not on fire). Likes to see how supportive the community is.
- Dawn: It helps that has had a good experience and that we're open to having people from other geographical areas. 
- Mateus: Worried and excited about the new challenges he'll face in outreach.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
- nomad (I'll take notes as long as you want.)


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


