<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-10-25 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- October 25, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/315)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)
- [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan, nomad (late), Don/sntxrr, wilco, Salt, Dawn, Norm, AJ
- Apologies: der.hans
- Facilitator: AJ
- Facilitator for next time: 
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 
  - Chairs: 10
- Ambassadors: 
  - not yet started
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 8 -> 10
- Sponsors: 15 -> 16 (2 paying! 1 before)
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote Nominations: 43
- Confirmed Talks: 33 -> 34, schedule finalized!
- CFP Talk Submissions: 39


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda

## Committee Progress Updates
### SRE & Technical
- Full steam ahead.
- You should have seen the link for the onboard process for attendees
- live stream tested, feeling good.
- OSEM has a script to do static generation in case of DDoS.
- Matrix server is running on OSU/OSL infra instead of AWS (wahoo!)

### Programming & Flow
- Thanks tech for sorting out the rooms and protecting OSEM
- We'll have 4 copies of the schedule floating around. Please try to keep them in sync.
  - Overcommunication is ok, it's better than conflicting information
- So far no schedule conflicts for presenters, hoping not to make major changes
- Slightly more live talks than pre-recorded
- Logistics Email: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xPYmyt0rQjmPlX0EhDu8KOXNogAn1hAwtUT0juv6EPg/edit?usp=sharing
  - take a look so we can publish
    - has been published as of 18:37 PDT
- Need Speaker Help Matrix Room
  - ball tossed to tech
  - Will be posted to attend.seagl.org eventually (element is elemental to this)
- Sending email to speakers with placeholder saying details will come later
- Schedule has been published!
- Do we have docs on how to access Matrix?
- Next: Social Media Graphics
- Need day-of volunteers - do we have any?
  - Do not currently have any
  - Need to make sure we have someone in the rooms to help with intros
  - schedule/form will be sent to staff asking for coverage
    - If we get volunteers we can pull staff
  - [ ] send email to staff about covering day-of talk room volunteering
- Still owe Salt a doc, probably done in a week or so
- For retrospective - can we kill the spreadsheet?
  - arbetrary emails aren't supported by OSEM

### Outreach
- Mastodon post today: https://mastodon.social/@SeaGL/109231831809227106
- Would like to get a post every other day until the conf at least, and then possibly posting during as well.

### Finance
- Heard from OSI and they have been responsive
- Still working with OSI for our first reimbursment test.
  - using Salt as canary
- OSI got both sponsors signed up very responsively

### Partnerships
- Team continues to send out sponsorship emails.
- OSI has been great on the process to officially sign up the two paying sponsors.

### Attendee Experience
- balls have been dropped but we know stuff
- Salt is dealing with speaker gifts
- we know what our social events are
  - TeaGL (scaled down)
  - lunch hour on Saturday (need to spend time with github)
  - Evening event on Saturday will be self-organizing
  - trivia (hosted by AJ meaning he has to come up with trivia questions)
- Need to facilitate to make sure people are happy & comfortable on the day
- don't remember tech stack for those sorts of things, can we find time to talk?
  - used jitsi last time
  - options for tech stack like trivial and social events
  - BBB has been offered by some groups
  - [ ] figure out tech stack for social events

## Regular reminders
- We have **ONE** week. Is everyone ready?
- Do any teams have big blockers you don't know how to solve?
  - tech: Have very little plan ad-rol (intersticials)
    - Romeo said they would do it (same person as last 2 years)

## Previous TODOs
### 08/23
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors about volunteers for outreach & partnerships (der.hans)
- [ ] look into moderation and mitigation plans for during-conference threats ((mostly) tech, volunteers, CoC, IDEA, Nathan)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_moderation_tools
  - still being worked on by tech, if you have thoughts express them.

### 09/13
- [ ] organize another AX meeting (Salt)
  - there is a matrix channel, join if you are interested

### 10/04
- [ ] look into hosting a twitter -> mastodon auto poster (tech)
- [ ] create graphics for Linux mag (Mateus)
  - For save-the-date next year
  - any graphic designers available to help?


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)

-->

### Committees that could use extra hands - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Attendee Experience (chairs: Dawn & Matt)
- Promotion & Outreach (chairs: ?? & Mateus)
  - has more help but could use more
- SRE & Technical (chairs: Don & AJ)
- Volunteers (chairs: ?? & ??)
  - Potentially highest need right now, can hopefully help fill other committees


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)

### Next year's conference dates
- 3 & 4 NOV?
- email will be sent to staff, confirm dates next week so we can put them in the interstitials
- do those dates have conflicts?
 - All Things Open
 - Ohio Linux Fest (December this year)

### 10/25 - New TODOs
- [ ] send email to staff about covering day-of talk room volunteering
- [ ] figure out tech stack for social events
- [ ] send email to confirm that next year's date works


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
- [Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)
- [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)

<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->

- [x] announce keynote speakers (programming committee)
- [ ] theme, hang 10
- [ ] come attend post that can be linked to various mailinglists, maybe the ONE ~~MONTH~~ WEEK OUT, Friday blog post?
- If you can generate some potential blog posts salt can turn them into something publishable
  - more blog post material about the conference would be good, Salt can expand on ideas but needs some grist for the mill first

### Timeline
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
  - need to schedule for follow-up on star voting
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- EOD Sept 19 for first round: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up] **<- we are here**
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
  - provide guidance for speakers
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Weekly All-hands: Tuesday, **November** 1 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: 
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: TBD
- SRE/Technical: Weekly, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan: Feeling better now that the email is out. Only a few items sort of remaining on the todo list prior to conference 
- nomad: I'm looking forward to eating dinner and to the conference.
- Don/sntxrr: Looking forward to the conference. Pretty sure not freaking out but might be.
- wilco: (mic cut out and then minutes later jitsi shutdown completely) happy to be here!
- Salt: Excited for everything. Not all that terified but knows there's lots to do still. Thanks for continuing to be here.
- Dawn: Being here is a highlight of the week. Looks like we're going to be able to put on a conference. Lets do it.
- Norm: (saving sore throat)  Continue to work with OSI and hope to see responses from sponsor emails.   looking forward to conference.
- AJ: Truly don't know what happened, just had 0 audio. Feel good. Nervous. Close but we're making great progress. We'll get there!

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
- we do


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


