# 2022-10-26

## static site thing

- Abhinav's static site thing seemed to go well.
  - API still needs capturing and making it `/conferences` is taking longer than normal
  - maybe a sed script?

## Google spindown

Salt deleted some more stuff

## Andrew update

still updating the Element fork, probably about halfway through some of the trickier things to merge

Patch: no updates. everything's pushed

the thing that's not pushed are like... on Friday or something when I pushed, I have a local start for some things that share a common bit of code, that's not in the repo

any suggestion for where to start adding bot behavior stuff?

that message Andrew sent on Friday. bot stuff is not in his head at the moment. pretty deep in Element.

> Locally I have a start on work towards human-readable aliases for session rooms, and scheduled messages at the beginning and end of each session. If anyone wants to pick up work on the bot a good next task would be to add a class that handles commands from attendees like /tea or whatever we decide.
>
> https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_bot_behavior

sntxrr built a PR for Andrew. https://github.com/SeaGL/attend.seagl.org/pull/18

## seagl.org/attend

No updates since last Wednesday really

## did anyone get ad-roll to AJ/Don?

no, still waiting on Romeo to generate it

he's been responsive, he said he would generate it. just need a list of what's in it

Don poking around. also Andrew got the broken video from last year again.

## more Patch questions

Andrew has been using a personal Matrix server to test. but we can use the ephemeral Matrix server. the bot will need its rate limit raised but that should be ok, we can just ask prasket

## updated list of must-dos

- Element modification + deployment: Andrew (and ping AJ for GitHub Pages help if easier)
	- make sure that attend.seagl.org points at /attend-ephemeral (the subdomain went out to speakers)
- ephemeral Matrix server setup: AJ/Prasket - in progress!
- streaming setup: Don - DONE except for creating a few StreamYard rooms
- adroll: ???? (Salt to talk to Romeo, and Mateus is the backup)
- Patch: Andrew
- Mjolnir: AJ
- building widgets for embedding the videostreams (probably reusable from last year): Andrew
    - Andrew needs to know what to embed. consensus: YouTube, if we have time we can try for PeerTube but default to YouTube
- landing page on the website: AJ
- a pointer at the OSEM schedule on website: Andrew
