# 2022-03-30

## Plans for OSEM migration

We want to run in Dokku and point the Dokku app at an RDS instance. Consensus is to stand up the new instance in parallel, with a separate RDS instance, and then switch it over

Need to read more about running Dokku long term.

[long discussion about what we need to do security-wise]

Long term we would like to run OSEM on Dokku run by OSU OSL

https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma

Outgoing mail

## OSU OSL

No response. Don to ping

- [ ] Ping OSU OSL (Don)

## Misc - how OSEM sends emails

We send through Gmail. This is very bad. Google turns off our access for security reasons and it leaves stuff in Sent. Consensus is to use Amazon SES instead.

- [ ] Make Ansible point Postfix at SES

AJ will eventually point OSEM at SES, but not yet because we don't want osem-test to send mail.

- [ ] Look into whether it's possible to do this now with SES' test allowlist mode.

## Google transition

At our meeting with Nathan he mentioned talking about Google but AJ and Andrew didn't know what this was about.

Salt doesn't know precisely what he's talking about but did publish the all hands minutes today and part of it is that there are two major issues:

1. OSEM has been bad at sending out emails or send repeat notifications. We may need a Google Group or something for the programming committee
2. When we actually get to mailing outward to keynotes and programming and whatnot this gets to the Mailgun/Mailchimp/etc. whatever we're going to use questions

AJ: this sounds to me like not a Google transition issue?

Andrew: he was saying whatever email solution we end up going with, it needs to be the kind of thing where people can send from specific role-based addresses. So e.g. programming@ could send mail, instead of coming from Nathan.

We need to raise this with OSU OSL to make them aware of it. We're pretty confident it can be done technically but not sure if they're willing
