# 2022.04.11
- April 11, 2022. 1600 Pacific Time

- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/249)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_finance)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_finance)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Norm, Salt, Hans.
- Apologies:
- Facilitator: Norm
- Note Taker(s): Norm
- Note Taker(s) for next time: 

- [2021 fiscal sponsor details](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1On-iXCVhR1jgV4hCXdmTkLunlayPYrMA9nCmRBwuz10/)
- [budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/)
- [2021 lead sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AZx2F2zmOQD-lfBdHj9YWNqvndj8lShrXjrbS43-8Es/)
- [2021 sponsor interest form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1-ywoXdgLRLMysJmWEGEGB0wNcKOpnrusTEV6_Y1XT20/)
- [2021 sponsor agreement form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WdMBv4itd-JtNh9FxK07fdtcdw5EOqSaJQ3_8FJvTXc/)
- [OSI budget template](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jJCPIW8nHFMN8C7Lkp3TPyyzuQCRgP22/)

### How to document/verify that we have been paid?
- This taken care of by the shared spreadsheet?
- Would like to hve a verification email or something.
- can we get a monthly (or more regular) accounting?
  - can this be in a csv so that we can have in rev control?
- want to wait on spreadsheet magic until we know where we are heading

### sponsor prospectus timeline / shared labor
### request monthly transactions (hans)
### investigate formular to capture person and datestamp when an account is marked paid (hans)
### determine loe to move to OSI budget spreadsheet (hans)

### higher priority spreadsheet or prospectus?
- prospectus would seem a higher priority, but...
  - We do not know what we are doing this year.
    - hybrid or virtual
  - prospectus delayed until venue type is decided next month.
- Spreadsheet higher priority right now.
  - fields to document OSI 'API'.
  - also track who enters what on which date.
  - easy to use/transform data from monthly updates.

### Outstanding Financial items
- Email from Ben
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/170
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/235
  - Still quite a large number still out there.
    - Hans x 1
    - Salt x ?
    - Keith x 1
- Use process we created and follow it.
- Monthly meetins with OSI financial?
  - Maybe get the monthly data a week before? Not waiting for the day of to review.
  - New, outstanding, recent items.

#### Misc Items
- Periodic coffee/doughnuts for the teams?

### Retrospective
- https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md
- work through budget requests, including old ones stuck around from 2020 (Hans)
- add links referencing documents that committee generated (or relied on) for 2021 (Everyone)
  - https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links
- submit 2021 reimbursement requests before Dec 1 by opening a GH issue and tagging der.hans (Everyone)
- confirm Mind's Eye has gotten paid from OSI (Salt)
  - Meet with OSI
  - Can we make it right by giving a 'bonus'?

#### Bikeshed
- continue to streamline sponsor processing
- fully transition to consistent document formats
- write more documentation for external consumption

### Timeline
- Decision on hybrid/virtual first meeting after May 1.
  - Prospectus middle of May
- LOE on spreadsheet April 18th.
  - date/signature on items not a priority.
- Monthly transactions
  - April 25th.
- Outstanding financial items
  - Ben's April 18th.
  - Find all items already turned in...
    - get summary. April 25th
    - See what is not in process yet.

### Partnerships
- No one so far.
  - Need to discuss on next meeting.
- Hans to put writeup for Partnerships committee
  - April 14th to give to Salt.

### IDEA - mentioned in meeting.
- Hans requesting writeup of what we are looking for in people (Salt).

###  Meeting time good?
- Time is good
- Every other week good for now.
  - Can always meet the day before the all-hands.
- Opposite week of all-hands good.
  - week to prep for the all-hands.
  - also get time to work on todo from all-hands.

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Norm:  Glad for first meeting.  Good to see everyone.
- Hans:  No Hans on next all-hands.  Family fun.  Good to see everyone.
- Salt:  Glad to see everyone.   Sorry to hear about struggles.  Happy to have first meeting.
