<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-09-20 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- September 20, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/304)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)
- [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Don/sNTxRr, Salt, Dawn, nomad, Norm, AJ
- Apologies: Nathan (but likely able to reply to @-mentions on Matrix if needed)
- Facilitator: Salt
- Facilitator for next time: 
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 
  - Chairs: 10
- Ambassadors: 
  - not yet started
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 7 -> 
- Sponsors: 18 (at least) -> 
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote Nominations: 43
- Confirmed Talks: 8 -> 13
- CFP Talk Submissions: 39


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda

## Committee Progress Updates
### SRE & Technical
- going to be using the same tech as last year. AJ and sNTxRr will each take care of a track. Going to start setting it up soon so we can have practices in OCT & NOV.
  - There will be a budget request
  - jit.si support?

### Programming & Flow
- Talk RSVPs slow coming in (17 outstanding). We will be sending some follow-up reminders to try and improve these numbers
- Will send out more talk decisions as we get more responses (hopefully "soon").
- Starting to receive Keynote information, so we can finally write up the blog posts announcing them

### Outreach
- new poll to figure out weekly meetings: https://whenisgood.net/xbqrgae
- hoping to meet with Mateus on Saturday
- Been a bit of a struggle. This is a place for friends who are social would be Very Helpful<tm>

### Finance
- Trying to find time to meet to go over more web stuff.
- still no go with OSI
  - This is getting worrisome.

### Partnerships
- no news

### Attendee Experience
- have the channel. 
- Chair has been occupied with conferences and life. Wants to try to have the discussion soon.
- planning on a brain dump on the channel
- possibly a "no cook" recipe book for distribution a month or so before the conference.

### Idea message
- needs to go out by 1 OCT or it becomes "too late"
- reviewing after today's call

## Regular reminders
- Invite a friend (or five) to the organizing efforts


## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
  - approaching the need for help with volunteer wrangling and other day-of activities
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about attending and volunteering (der.hans, Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message
  - now a 'come attend' message

### 03/08
- [ ] create GH issue template for reimbursements (AJ)
  - related to #223
  - tonight

### 03/22
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - pushing for this to be sent no later than Oct 1, otherwise we'll bikeshed for next year
  - discussion after this meeting

### 05/17
- [ ] make sure you are in the https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org Matrix Space and https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org Matrix Room (*everyone*)
  - Once in Space should be able to join other restricted rooms (such as committee specific)
  - May need to click a button/link in old room due to upgrade
  - Notify someone on SRE/Tech if you are having any difficulty: sNTxRr, AJ, Andrew, or Salt

### 05/31
- [x] direct email folks who aren't yet in the Matrix channels (Salt)

### 06/14
- [x] decide how we are tracking sponsors being contacted (der.hans)
  - being tracked on nextcloud spreadsheet for now
  - open to offers of help with any specific sponsors
  - currently a very manual process, request access if you'd like to help
  - being dealt with within the finance team
- [ ] begin impresario future proofing if apprentice impresario doesn't appear by 9/1 (Salt)
  - Salt is committing to another year, including transition to a hybrid format, but would really like to find an apprentice
    - someone excited, interested, has energy, and willing to document the process would be good
    - local to Seattle would also be helpful

### 08/23
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors about volunteers for outreach & partnerships (der.hans)
  - we've got some opportunities for ads, need visuals
  - what do we need specifically, by when, and for who?
  - [ ] follow up directly with der.hans (Salt)
- [ ] look into moderation and mitigation plans for during-conference threats ((mostly) tech, volunteers, CoC, IDEA, Nathan)
  - add your name if you specifically want to be involved and aren't in one of these committees

### 09/13
- [ ] make sure the current sponsors get their logo on our site (finance)
  - saw one new one go up
  - norm will start looking through it
- [ ] organize another AX meeting (Salt)
  - May be passed on to Dawn time dependent

## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)

-->

### Select Year 10 Theme
- https://star.vote/seagl2022theme/
- and the winner is... A tie! - no, it's "Hang 10"
  - 7 voters
  - next year goes to 11.

### Weekly Outreach Meetings
- new poll: https://whenisgood.net/xbqrgae

### Committees that could use extra hands - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Attendee Experience (chairs: Dawn & Matt)
- Promotion & Outreach (chairs: ?? & Mateus)
- SRE & Technical (chairs: Don & AJ)
- Volunteers (chairs: ?? & ??)
  - Potentially highest need right now, can hopefully help fill other committees


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Reminder: we have 6 weeks. Is everyone ready?

### 09/20 - New TODOs


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
- [Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)
- [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)

<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->

- [ ] announce prospectus, partners and sponsors (partnership committee)
  - it's not too late but pushing it
- [ ] announce keynote speakers (programming committee)
- If you can generate some potential blog posts salt can turn them into something publishable 

### Timeline
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
  - need to schedule for follow-up on star voting
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- EOD Sept 19 for first round: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up] **<- we are here**
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
  - provide guidance for speakers
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Weekly All-hands: Tuesday, **September** 27 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: Thursday, September 22 7pm PDT
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: TBD
- SRE/Technical: Weekly, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Don/sNTxRr: Not freaking out either.
- Salt: wishing he was a little more not under the weather, feeling pretty good about all the SeaGL stuff right now. Looking forward to the energy gain from the in-person thing next year. As current state shows it's good to not have in-person conferences yet. Reach out if you have questions, the matrix channel is watched.
- Dawn: has been to two in-person conferences without the plague, yay! Totally panicking
- nomad: playing with virtualization to replace VMware after broadcom buys it.
- Norm: looking at strange email that der.hans sent about someone thinking we're a data processor for indeed???????? Hoping we can get things worked out with OSI.
- AJ: (echo echo echo)  definitely freaking out a little bit. Paying attention to Dawn and Salt not freaking out and that's very helpful. First year so not really sure if it's going well compared with previous years. Didn't get phished via email so is feeling left out.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
- we do


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


