
# 2022.06.20 SeaGl Finance

- June 20th, 2022. 1600 Pacific Time
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_finance)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_finance)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [Lead Sheet](https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/otw43NPCx7GomRn)
- [2021 Links](https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2021_links)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: der.hans, Salt, Norm,sri
- Apologies:
- Facilitator: Norm
- Note Taker(s): Norm
- Note Taker(s) for next time: 
    
- Norm: still phreaking about house, joys of modifying house
- Sri: been a whole year of changes, busy with job search, doing some Open Source stuff at Intel
- Salt: also freaking out about unemployment, but spent a week out camping
- Hans: Had fun at the Grand Canyon.  Looks and stars and such.  Learning about the Mars Rover.

## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)

# Agenda
## Previous ToDo
### Angenda for next meeting
  

### References
- [2021 fiscal sponsor details](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1On-iXCVhR1jgV4hCXdmTkLunlayPYrMA9nCmRBwuz10/)
- [budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/)
- [2021 lead sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AZx2F2zmOQD-lfBdHj9YWNqvndj8lShrXjrbS43-8Es/)
- [2021 sponsor interest form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1-ywoXdgLRLMysJmWEGEGB0wNcKOpnrusTEV6_Y1XT20/)
- [2021 sponsor agreement form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WdMBv4itd-JtNh9FxK07fdtcdw5EOqSaJQ3_8FJvTXc/)
- [OSI budget template](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jJCPIW8nHFMN8C7Lkp3TPyyzuQCRgP22/)
- [2022 Prospectus](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KLPVivebRZUxb5tAyT8hnNhCHmEnPzdS2CbdYRx-eHA/edit#)

### How to document/verify that we have been paid?
- This taken care of by the shared spreadsheet?
- Would like to hve a verification email or something.
- can we get a monthly (or more regular) accounting? can this be in a csv so that we can have in rev control?
- want to wait on spreadsheet magic until we know where we are heading
- CC finance on all emails with OSI.
  - [ ] Email OSI and start discussion on the above  (Norm) - Do by 6/7
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_finance_OSI_initial_email
### sponsor prospectus timeline / shared labor
- [ ] request monthly transactions (hans/norm)  - Add to OSI email

#### Prospectus/Sponsorship discussion
- Can we note local businesses no matter the size of the company?  
  - Can we have special ribbons for speakers, sponsors, local, etc? (question for tech team?)
  - Multiple years, both sponsors and speakers.  Maybe do something once we get back?
    - scavenger hunt?
    - find speakers that have spoken as least 3 years in SeaGL
    - which sponsor(s) have been with SeaGL for more than 5 years?
    - collect a stamp from Patch ( and have Patch randomly join different sessions/booths)
- [ ] Need blog post about the prospectus being live. (Hans)
  - write and publish once virtual announcement published

#### Sponsorship Spreadsheet
- [ ] investigate formular to capture person and datestamp when an account is marked paid (hans)
- Hans worked on formulas, but did not get that far.
  - 3-5 hours to convert it.
  - how do we want to deal with sponsors
    - paid vs non-paid.   OSI not involved with non-paid, but contracts, etc?
    - keep lead sheet seperate from the actual sponsor spreadsheet.
      - reduce info/discussion with OSI
      - protect info of lead sheet.
  - people/timestamps is difficult.   may just use dropdowns/hand enter
  - Hans looking at NextCloud.
  - [ ] Finish prepping the OSI budget spreadsheet (hans and norm working session)
  - [ ] Move Lead Sheet over to NextCloud  (hans and norm working session)
    - spreadsheet in Nextcloud, but still need working session
    - [ ] verify Sri Nextcloud account and access to Finance (Hans, Sri)

###  Sponsors
- Start looking at Media sponsors for promotion (Hans)
- Start contacting potential sponsors (Hans, Salt, everyone else)

### budget spreadsheet
- Spreadsheet higher priority right now.
  - fields to document OSI 'API'.
  - also track who enters what on which date.
  - easy to use/transform data from monthly updates.

### Outstanding Financial items
- [ ] [2020 speaker gifts](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/225)
- [ ] [2021 Speaker gift reimbursement](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/235)
- [ ] [2021 Budget: graphical recordings](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/177)
- [ ] [2021 Budget Request: TeaGL]((https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/199)
- [ ] [2021 Budget: Conferencing platform costs](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/173)
- [ ] [2021 Budget request: handbills for Open Source Summit](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/171)
- [ ] [2021 Budget request: Social sticker pack design](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/170)
- Use process we created and follow it.
- Monthly meetins with OSI financial?
  - Maybe get the monthly data a week before? Not waiting for the day of to review.
  - New, outstanding, recent items.
  - [ ] Include in email to OSI (Norm)
- Salt paying for storage.  Moved out and then in.

### Misc Items
- Periodic coffee/doughnuts for the teams?
  - Maybe OSI when we first meeting with them.
  - Committees...  $200 for each for team building?
     - Feedback in the All-hands
     - Ask OSI if this is an issue.  OSI email+
  - Gift Cards for remote/virtual meetings?

## Retrospective
- confirm Mind's Eye has gotten paid from OSI (Salt)
  - Meet with OSI
    - What can we legally do to give them up to 5K?
    - What other 'gotchas' for using out of country people or companies?
    - A way to change the contract/wording to not have the 30% held?
    - Need to test spreadsheet/process
  - Can we make it right by giving a 'bonus'?
  - Talk to Nathan (after OSI meeting).
- Bikeshed
  - fully transition to consistent document formats
  - write more documentation for external consumption

## Timeline
- Monthly transactions - Jul 18
- Meet with tech team about reimbursement templates (Hans) - Jun 13
~~- Outstanding financial items~~
 ~~ - Ben's April 18th email.~~
  ~~- Find all items already turned in...  get summary.~~
    ~~[ ] Norm to gather list - 6/20~~
    ~~- See what is not in process yet.~~

###  Transaction Tech
- Ask tech if can have a github template for budget items, re-imbursements,
  - NEED A PRIVATE AREA/REPOSITORY
- NextCloud has a forms tool that could export to CSV, then import
  - email copy of submission and changes in status
  - Nextcloud forms not yet feature rich enough for our needs

# Partnerships
- message to last year's partners (Hans, Salt, Sri) - Jul 11

# IDEA - mentioned in meeting.
- [x] Hans requesting writeup of what we are looking for in people (Salt).
- Everyone to look at, perferably someone in addition to finance.
- https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
- ask Dawn for feedback (Hans)

# Nextcloud
- [ ] remove old accounts
- [x] lock lead sheet to only authorized accounts

# Exihbitors

# New items for next week
- [ ] PR and post virtual announcement
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_virtual_announcement

## Call for volunteers and such needed.
- [ ] https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message

## Update donations section:  Mastodon, etc. (ask Salt)

## Need to look at once we get Partnerships people.
- RedHat program? - brought by Salt
  - https://contributor.link/
- Once we get non-profit, working other companies - OpenSuse (since we use their calendar), etc. - brought by Hans
- Document what we are using and how.   What is pro/con of the item. Example: Big blue button.  Hopefully promote communittee discussion. - brought by Hans

## Future partnership leads
- Jupiter broadcasting (podcast) - help promote
  - self hosted show (ssh).
- Tuxedo computers
- Destination linux (podcast) - help promote (hans)
  - They are rebranding Destination Linux to Tux Digital
  - Help pass the word since they were a sponsor last year.
- Linux Magazine has a calendar of events.
  - https://www.linux-magazine.com/Resources/Event-Calendar#

# Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Salt: being pulled in many directions, mtg went well, into the weeds in a few places, reach out if you need anything
- Hans: Made progress, but need progress in other areas.   Better shape than a couple of weeks ago..
- Norm: thanks for looking at etherpad
- Sri: thanks for inviting back in to participate in SeaGL for another year, sunny outside, so mood-boosting
