# 2022-09-14

## OSEM

- Raised as blocking during Sep 13 all-hands:
	- https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/2975
	- Resolved in our branch
- `no space left on device` when deploying
	- sntxrr resized block device from 8→20 GB
	- Not yet visible within container; root fs needs expanding?
		- the device is done optimizing
		- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/recognize-expanded-volume-linux.html
		- AJ expanded this live and is running `docker system prune` to reclaim even more space.
			- Bug for doing this on a cronjob: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/302
			- AJ needs to run the SRE Ansible playbook to provision users for everyone
	- Looking forward: Is there a leak? e.g. Docker images

## Monitoring noise

- Can Uptime Kuma be configured to need more samples before alarming?
	- Don: currently adjusting the thresholds a little bit. In most cases, this is 5 or 7 repeats at 60s intervals.

## Jitsi reliability

- Affected Sep 13 all-hands
	- AJ: why do we not just use meet.jit.si?
	- We think it's been slower in the past and had all sorts of issues. But like, 2020 past.
	- But Don thinks this is in the past. Now meet.jitsi is probably the right call.
	- The one technical reason was to stream from the Jitsi room to YouTube. Haven't tried recently but you may be able to do that now.
	- AJ proposing that we don't really have time to scale and may not have time to load test Jitsi. So we're probably better off just using meet.jitsi

## Random aside: we need to figure out how to load balance the human OBS

Conveniently there are two tracks this year instead of three, and two cochairs.

If we do this Don wants to make two "human OBS" shirts.

Don and AJ will sit down and pair on the Ansible playbook. Knowledge transfer and playbook creation at the same time!

## Random aside: should we just get Bitwarden?

Don pays for a family subscription to 1Password if we can deal with it being proprietary

We asked Bitwarden last year if they could give us a nonprofit subscription and they said no.

We MIGHT be a nonprofit now with this OSI now?

Don sending a followup question on this right now. We could use this to buy time to get away from Google (using their nonprofit plan thing) as well as Bitwarden.

(discussion about how exactly we're using/going to use OpenStack)

## Off topic: bot hosting

Dokku works fine for bots. Basically nothing you need to do.

Salt is eagerly asking about this RSS bot thing.

https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl-ansible/pull/2

## Aside: secrets management

Where do we put secrets in Ansible? Could put it in an encrypted vault, pull from Secrets Manager, etc.

(Various communications and miscommunications about secrets)

Andrew is proposing that we not deal with this whole problem and just declare that the secret is expected to be manually provisioned.

General consensus is yes.

TODO AJ: review this PR

## DEFERRED Matrix conference layout

- Deadline: Sep 26 all-hands

## DEFERRED Conference tech stack

- Continue https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_moderation_tools
