# 2022-04-13

## Email from OSU OSL

We need to respond to this.

## RDS MariaDB update email

We're going to ignore this for now and let AWS do the minor upgrade. When we migrate from old OSEM to new OSEM, we'll also upgrade to the latest database version.

We should also look into whether switching to AWS Aurora will save us money.

AJ: I'm looking at pricing, Aurora is more expensive

## OSEM test

It's down.

\<AJ reboots the box due to failing EC2 status checks>

- [x] Configure EC2 status checks to automatically reboot the box

Should we configure this for prod OSEM? No, probably not. That thing is so deprecated Salt is surprised it's up as much as it is. It only goes down when it's under load and that only happens on the last day of the CFP anyway.

## How do we want domains to work in the migration?

lists.seagl.org would be logical.

\<discussion around changing list addresses>

AJ: Mailman can be made to use lists.seagl.org for the web and still have @seagl.org addresses.

We have some need for individual email boxes. We also need role-based send and receive.

Salt: send will probably be harder than receive. This is based on Snowdrift conversations I've had with them. At some point they'll be like, we can just give you a server, you can run mail in a box or something.

Andrew: I would want to err on the side of letting them start with suggestions.

AJ: let's just communicate this directly. "Here's vaguely what we want, we're flexible, what do you suggest"

Problem: we said that most people forward to their personal emails, but that's not true. We need something like IMAP. Whatever that is needs the flexibility to send from a role-based email

- [ ] Correct this statement

Salt thinks probably we'll be hosting our own mail.

Will they manage Dokku for us? Or would we run it ourselves? We kinda want to just have one Dokku box that we run everything on.

- [ ] We should ask this

They want an estimate of resource usage of a PeerTube instance. Salt is opposed to dealing with PeerTube right now. So is AJ (who's had bad experiences installing PeerTube) and Andrew is aligned.

We need to focus on getting the stuff we need. We don't have time for PeerTube.

Lance apparently is looking for long term planning. So we maybe should give him a rough estimate.

- [ ] Get a PeerTube resource usage estimate for Lance

We'll get back with an estimate based on our Internet Archive storage usage. PeerTube has an FAQ about this that's basically like "idk try it". But we can give an estimate.

```console
$ ia search 'collection:seagl' | while read -r result; do id="$(jq --raw-output '.identifier' <<<"$result")"; ia list --columns=size "$id"; done | grep -v '"' | jq -s 'add'
71872308933
```

Does Internet Archive transcode? We think maybe. Doesn’t look like it for the few videos I peeked at. But I think I’ve seen it in the past, so maybe under certain conditions?
