# 2022-06-08

## OSEM email

Warmup problems? Shouldn't have any, in theory. The fact that we're sending seagl.org email from SES is new, so maybe that will trip something up? But in theory not (domain is warmed up and we should probably be using the shared IP pool)

## Terraform

- [x] AJ: rename repository

## DMARC

This is spamming sre@.

- [x] AJ: send DMARC reports to a dedicated mailbox, dmarc@

Filing a followup issue to do something with these reports.

Andrew: user quota?

Salt: it's 50, we're still well within it

## Google migration

We need to do this migration soon. June 27th (??). Salt saw this date, might have been for personal.

This is within budget.

At a previous meeting we said June 1st??

- [ ] Ask Rob if he’s receiving any notices from Google

https://support.google.com/a/answer/60217?hl=en apparently it's June 27th.

Apparently we can just wait, but AJ doesn't want to wait. Let's make sure it goes OK. Salt agrees, worried they won't give us the 3 months thing. Also want to have >1 person present to solve problems if they come up.

Next tech meeting is 22nd. Seems like a good time to do this migration.

This shouldn't impact mailing lists? (Google Groups.) Haven't heard anything about it. E.g. seagl-announce isn't associated with the SeaGL Google org.

- [ ] AJ: check how these mailing lists are set up

## OSEM

We probably just got the go-ahead to switch. Now it's up to Tech to make it happen

- [x] AJ: send out whenisgood to schedule a cutover meeting

AJ: I think we're basically just waiting on me to provision a new Dokku box

Andrew: there are some non-blockers, but things we need to figure out. Things like how email is configured. Some I can figure out ahead of time, some we might have to fix with trial and error while we set it up

### How to do this?

1. Make current instance readonly
2. Set up new instance
3. Send public traffic over

AJ: we can just switch DNS over. But, HTTPS certificates. How would we issue them? Honestly we can just take 5 minutes of downtime.

How would we test? AJ proposes setting up Dokku on osem.seagl.org and using /etc/hosts to test.

Andrew worries about Dokku expecting a stable hostname for the system itself. dokku.seagl.org would be nice as something that always points at the Dokku system.

AJ will set it up this way when he provisions the new box.

### Database migration?

1. Make the current instance readonly
2. Make an RDS backup
3. Restore it into a new RDS database
4. Get RDS credentials into Dokku (Don knows more about this - there was something that created a db user and put its password in secrets manager?)

There was some problem getting the actual migration script to run last time but no one can remember what this was. We're just going to solve this as it comes up.

### Email

Point this directly at SES.

Andrew: 2 things. 1 is the OSEM app. SMTP credentials => `dokku config`.

2 is the Dokku host system. Cron etc. AJ thinks this is a followup bug: https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/267

### OSUOSL

- [ ] AJ to check in on the OSL thread
