# 2022-11-02

## make sure widgets have most up-to-date content

Salt: we're cutting off new sponsors today/tonight, let's double check [this list](https://github.com/SeaGL/attend.seagl.org/blob/main/widgets/entrypoints/sponsors.pug)
- Up to date as of TuxDigital addition

## Where is patch running?
who is going to spin up the OSUOSL instance/container/whatever for this?

Dokku

## more Patch stuff

https://github.com/SeaGL/patch/issues

frameworkwise: prioritizing broadcast messages. means there's a restricted/control room space aspect

then a bunch of bot functionality that's not implemented at the moment.

- writing the messages as the rooms change, what is announced, having the links and such

## social stack

\<chatter about Jitsi and BBB>

plan is to spin up beefiest DigitalOcean box tomorrow using Jitsi from the marketplace at 6 PT/9 ET on meet.2022.seagl.org

backup plan if this doesn't work is to HTTP redirect to meet.jit.si

## Mjolnir/Synapse

Salt: best name for this bot: Agent Patch

gonna do some AI generated graphics for the picture

consensus is that we're not going to use Matrix's built in reporting functionality because this just goes to the user's homeserver -> not helpful for anyone not on ephemeral or SM

## Streaming
programming spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Kohwc9_ffLofxCachePkiKErVBvGGjcDkhk2JjnEIvE/edit?pli=1#gid=0

## SM Matrix gets DDoSed. what to do?

put a StreamYard banner "we're experiencing a DDoS, enjoy the stream at /watch"

## Ephemeral registration spam

We are willing to enable capchas etc.

## conference must dos

- [x] AJ: set up Dokku app for Patch
- [x] Andrew: Dockerize Patch
- [ ] AJ: trivia
- [ ] Andrew + prasket: enable and test attend portal registration
- [x] Andrew: welcome message adjustment to attend portal
- [x] Don: get Andrew the YouTube stream IDs for this year
- [x] AJ: finish onboarding pages
- [x] AJ: switch Mjolnir to use SM Patch
- [x] Andrew: attend portal login page adjustments: https://github.com/SeaGL/attend.seagl.org/issues/23
- [x] AJ: ping Lance with phone number
- [x] Salt (or anyone): write TWiM draft
- [x] Andrew: set up non-Matrix viewing option
- [ ] ?????: look into getting API keys or whatever for captchas
- [ ] prasket: make ephemeral homeserver use tokens for registration

## conference if time permits todos

- [ ] Andrew: enable token-based registration in attend portal + test registration
- [ ] Andrew (or anyone): improve visuals of attend notice
- [ ] Andrew: schedule to /watch

## Thursday night checklist

- [x] AJ: spin up Jitsi DO box (6 PM) and test
- [x] AJ + Don: tech rehearsal
- [x] AJ + Don: load adroll - partially complete
- [ ] Salt: submit TWiM submission
- [x] Andrew + AJ: create prod rooms + run stuff from the GitHub issue

## Friday morning checklist

- [ ] Don/AJ: get the streams
- [x] Andrew: enable the attend notice on seagl.org

## Saturday evening checklist

- [ ] AJ: spin down DO box + remove attend notice
- [x] Andrew: remove the attend notice on seagl.org

## 1 week later checklist

- [ ] Decommission ephemeral homeserver

- For speaker wranglers, the email addresses for the two tracks are:
	- sre+streamyard2022track1@seagl.org
	- sre+streamyard2022track2@seagl.org
- anyone on sre@seagl.org can relay into matrix for folx
