<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-05-17 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- May 17, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/260)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: Nathan Handler, nomad, der.hans, Mateus, Don/sntxrr, Norm, Salt, AJ, Matt
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): nomad
- Note Taker(s) for next time: nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 12 (?)
- Ambassadors: 
- Social Shares: 
  - (is there a decent way to track this?)
- Blog Posts: 2 ->
- Sponsors: 0
- Keynote Nominations: 41 -> 43 (Final)


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
  - We still have a number of things open.
- [ ] #222 review retrospective (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
- [ ] #245 review web site for needed updates (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt, Ben, Lacey)
  - It doesn't appear anything significant has happened on this yet. We need someone to take over the committee.

### 03/08
- [ ] updated graphic assets for 2022 (Mateus)
  - waiting for the outreach meetings 
- [ ] create issue templates that document how they should be used (Lacey, Mateus, anyone else)
  - neither on so need to reach out to see if there is a regular meeting.
  - budget template is important (guide to provide required information)
  - go over reimbursement and other budget requests with AJ (Hans or Norm)

### 03/22
- [ ] draft initial outreach message (der.hans, Ben, Lacey, Salt, anyone else)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message
  - no progress
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
  - moar brainstorming is needed.
- [ ] #254 consider changing title of committee "chair"
  - Still trying to think through it.
  - Salt has an open issue but probably going to keep it on the agenda until we fill the chair slots.
  - last meeting to discuss this. No issues raised.

### 05/03
- [x] check-in with mateus (Salt)
- [ ] go over past volunteering documents (Salt, J)
  - J doesn't seem to be on matrix so need to reachout over different form
- [ ] verify website reflects a virtual-only conference
  - need someone to own this to make sure it happens.
  - Nathan volunteered
- [x] modify sponsorship prospectus draft with virtual logo (Salt)
  - would like more input, please review it.
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KLPVivebRZUxb5tAyT8hnNhCHmEnPzdS2CbdYRx-eHA/
- [ ] decide on method to track upcoming blog posts as to not overpost
  - currently there is a list in the `## Wrap-up` section of the meeting pad
  - Is something more needed? Any strong opinions
  - Didn't someone make a gcal? See below.


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### Sponsor Prospectus (Salt)
- Draft of 2022 version is ready, looking for reviewers
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KLPVivebRZUxb5tAyT8hnNhCHmEnPzdS2CbdYRx-eHA/edit#
- reworked some of the sponsorship item options to reduce text. "Includes everything in previous level"
- Upped levels by $1K.
- reorganized the addons (bottom of page 2, top of page 3).
- Could use input on this.
- change to 'experience' or rework it?
- open for ways to improve the document.
- Does anyone have strong feelings on the breakdown of the addons? 
- Will be discussed in next Monday's finance committee meeting.

### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow - Nathan & ??
- Finance - der.hans & Norm
- Attendee Experience - ?? & ??
  - Need someone(s) here
- Promotion & Outreach - Ben & Lacey
  - not a lot yet
- Partnerships - ?? & ??
  - biggest need right now. Anyone excited to talk with other groups?
- SRE/Technical - Don & AJ
- Volunteers - J & ??
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ?? & ??
  - Message going out soon. Anyone interested in it should speak up.
  - Mateus expressed interest
- CoC: Code of Conduct - sNTxRr & ??
  - sNTxRr expressed interest
- Impresario - Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentice impresario, anyone who is interested please volunteer or invite a friend!
    - next year co-impressario, following to hand off
- Most pressing needs are Partnerships and Attendee Experience, would calm Salt's mind

### Committee Meetings (Salt)
- What are the meeting schedule for each committee? Is help needed regarding tools, frequency, etc?
- Programming & Flow - Thursday, 2 June @ 19:00 PT
- Finance - every other Monday at 4pm PT, off-week from all-hands
- Attendee Experience - ??
- Promotion & Outreach - ??
  - (We are working on a time)
- Partnerships - ??
- SRE/Technical - every other Wednesday at 6pm PST, off-week from all-hands
- Volunteers - ??
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct - ??
- Impresario - ??

### Science of Community Dialogue: Anonymity for Safety and Success (Salt)
- request of 2-3 seagl folks, Friday (20 MAY, 2022) 11:00-13:00 CT (9:00-11:00 PT)
  - [Nathan] Sorry, I'll be in-transit
  - Reach out to Salt for more information if available/interested

## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Nathan called out blog posts introducing people is coming up soon.
- der.hans asked if we have announced virtual.
  - Salt doesn't know if we have yet but it would be a good idea.
  - der.hans Held off on saying things because wasn't sure it was announced.
- Tech team would like to CNAME der.hans's nextcloud for reasons I didn't catch.
  - Is there concern about not running it on SeaGL infra?
  - probably a short-term thing for us.
- Matt is happy to get involved, just not sure where to slot himself in right now.
  - Maybe help with nextcloud admin stuff.
- Need to overhaul the matrix channels at one of the tech meetings.
- Salt wants everyone to make sure they're logged into Matrix. Has invites out now.
  - seagl staff
- Are we ready to move forward with migrating to new OSEM?
  - not quite yet (hold 2 weeks)
  - want to create SeaGL2022 site in test before moving to new prod.
  - Tech was planning to do things next Wednesday which gives them a week to test before the end of the Month. Turns out this isn't a critical deadline.

### 05/17 - New TODOs
- [ ] go over reimbursement and other budget requests with AJ (Hans or Norm)
- [ ] verify website reflects a virtual-only conference (Nathan)
- [ ] make sure you are in the #SeaGL-staff:seattlematrix.org Matrix Room (everyone)


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
[Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)

<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [x] Kick-off / Volunteers Welcome (Ben, Lacey, J)
  - [seagl.github.io#326](https://github.com/SeaGL/seagl.github.io/issues/326)
  - Last chance for comments. Ben will publish Wednesday morning
- [ ] Intro to SeaGL
  - should include that we're going virtual again this year.
- [ ] Intro to SeaGL Program (Values, who we are, how we work, etc)

### Timeline
- Start of April: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- Early May: OSEM ready for programming committee testing
- Tentatively May 1: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched 
  - need this tested, it exists, PC will be looking at it next meeting
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP open
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens <- we are here
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, May 31 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjA0MjBUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: Thursday, 2 June @ 19:00 PT
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- Nathan Handler: sorry for panic attack
- nomad: (too busy typing)
- der.hans: Good to see everyone. Kicking tires and getting ready
- Mateus: Happy to be part after break and interested in being part of IDEA
- Don/sntxrr: mic was killed by dog
- Norm: Glad to see more people. House moving is consuming his brain.
- Salt: good to see new faces and old. Excited and glad we're keeping these meetings under an hour.
- AJ: Feeling good. Excited to see people
- Matt: Involved with SCALE for a while, excited to be part of this. Offered to help with blog post editing. Will be back in June for his next meeting.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting
- nomad

# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


