<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-12-01 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- December 1, 2022. 1700 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/322)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_retrospective)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.jit.si/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [Matrix Staff Space](https://matrix.to/#/#staff:seagl.org)
  - [Matrix All-Staff Room](https://matrix.to/#/#SeaGL-all-staff:seattlematrix.org)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)
- [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: der.hans, Salt, Andrew, nomad, Don/sntxrr, Nathan, Norm, AJ
- Apologies: 
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): nomad

### Metrics
- Staff: 
  - Chairs: 9
- Volunteers: 
- "Registrations":
    - Number of "attendees" (onsite, off, etc.): 
    - Accounts in Matrix space: 103
    - Accounts in “Welcome” room: 86
    - Accounts in “Social” room: 45
    - Accounts in sessions rooms: 86
    - Viewers of live streams: 331 (2 streams + 2 streams)
  - number of folks using ephemeral server: 55
  - number only attending keynotes: 
- Social Shares: 
- Blog Posts: 15
- Ambassadors: 
  - not yet started
- Sponsors: 19
  - Paying: 3
- Confirmed Talks: 34
- Confirmed Speakers: 
- Accepted Talks: 
- CFP Submissions: 39
- Speakers Submitted: 
- Office Hours attended: 
- Confirmed Keynotes: 4
- Keynote Nominations: 43
- Anything else?


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
- Reminder: focus is on the 2022 retrospective, not 2023

## 2022 tasks yet-to-be-closed
### 08/23
- [<] look into moderation and mitigation plans for during-conference threats ((mostly) tech, volunteers, CoC, IDEA, Nathan)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_moderation_tools 
  - want to continue expanding this.
  - more relevant with year round space
  - hybrid will still need this

### 10/04
- [>] create graphics for Linux mag
  - For save-the-date next year
  - any graphic designers available to help?

### 10/25
- [x] send email to staff about covering day-of talk room volunteering
- [x] figure out tech stack for social events


## New Items for 12/01
### 2022 Swag
- Two sizes (5-8.5 and 9-12)
- Can ship or hand-deliver
- Need pad to track, combine with speaker list (Nathan will share with Salt)

### Compilation of 2022 Links
- Please add anything you think might be relevant to this list so we have a centralized pad as the archiving process takes place
- https://etherpad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_links

### Reimbursements
- Working our way through backlog and smoothing out process with OSI
- GitHub template exists to make this easier, please make use of it
  - select the template when you open the issue
  - https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues
- Name and address needed for reimbursements, Hans has a NextCloud form to collect this information
- All staff were given a $20 per diem for lunch on both of the SeaGL days, please let us know if you used it
  - open an issue
  - no receipt required

#### Process (from last year, let's confirm this is still correct)
1. the requester opens an issue on GH using the reimbursement template which includes the amount requested and whether there is a deadline
2. the requester tags this issue with both the finance committee and the requesting committee, also the conference year if it is relavent
3. the finance committee will review by the next meeting (at the latest) and update the GH issue with the decision and whether or not more information is needed
4. once the purchase has been made, the requester responds with the amount to be reimbursed on the GH issue, which includes an @ ping to the finance committee chair
5. the finance committee chair responds on the GH issue with the date the reimbursement was issued or with a request for more information
6. the requester closes the GH issue once the reimbursement has been received

### Feedback Form Review
- https://seagl.org/feedback
- https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1a6oUcLyeCtR07HqIIRiWN0wMEPQ96BCnJTEw1gZEIWI/edit#responses

#### Process
- Salt will screenshare and go through the responses
- Each response will be discussed
- Relevant feedback will be captured below

---

## Committee Additions
### Process
- Each committee should go through how they felt things went and add any specific suggestions of things to consider from their committee's context
- The group will decide what we is be called toDONE, bikeshed'ed, or what we tWONTdo
- new TODOs should be added to the above list

---

### Programming & Flow (Nathan)
- biggest issue was staffing. 
  - really need 5 people on the committee with regular attendence 
- numbers (for CfP) have been trending down year over year
  - social media graphics continue to pay dividends
    - better interaction than anything else we put out
- frontload the blog posts we know we're going to want
- more than just a committee, having two chairs is important [Salt]
- Keynotes lack descriptions (request in the email)

#### Outstanding 2022 TODOs
- email to speakers thanking them and reminding them about gifts
- discussion about hand-off

#### Bikeshed
- can we stop having multiple spreadsheets for programming? 
  - response: not until osem allows for arbitrary emails being sent to speakers. (from feedback)
- risk for next year, PC members probably won't have been involved in an in-person SeaGL before.

#### Important Links

---

### Finance (Hans and Norm)
- keeping in communication with OSI is critical [norm]
- prospectus in January, budget in February
  - if you know a possible sponsor let us know

#### Outstanding 2022 TODOs
- reimbursements
  - working through process
  - recurring costs will be worked through as well (open up an issue with the template)
  - small budget for committee meetings for virtual meetings (next year)
- FOSSlife is offering to do ongoing things. "hold the date" and "thank you" planned so far.
- one sponsor payment outstanding (might have been processed, need confirmation)
- need to schedule budget & finance review with OSI to close out the books
- We came in underbudget this year but anticipate next year to be much more expensive with return to in-person.
- let finance know if you want to send a speaker gift to someone.
- need to make promised media posts

#### Bikeshed

#### Important Links
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_finance)
- [Lead Sheet] (https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/f/251991)
- [sponsor prospectus] (https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Partnership_Sponsor_Prospectus_2022.pdf)
- [sponsorship interest form] (https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/QqTAs3HZALdfEB5R)
- [Budget Spreadsheet] (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ahnCfPKe7BAO3y8X4n69BJyfL8NNQRooW5fOXhH-VBQ/edit?usp=sharing)
- [reimbursement request procedure](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/223)
- [Nextcloud form for payment details](https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/apps/forms/ffnE4onWErpPK3nF)
- [reimbursement receipt dropbox](https://gnu-cloud.yourownnet.cloud/s/fmgDGJJ3qJFfj2g)
---

### Attendee Experience (Dawn)

#### Outstanding 2022 TODOs

#### Bikeshed
- Was unclear about when a thing ended, especially during social breaks. (feedback)
  - patch could use @room function
  - mark session (didn't catch the details)
- social session rooms should be read-only with a more vivid flag to go to the social environment
  - big graphical thing
    - [Make redirect messages more prominent](https://github.com/SeaGL/patch/issues/31)
  - [Prohibit moderators from messaging in redirect rooms](https://github.com/SeaGL/patch/issues/32)
- Would be nice if there were a noisy message at the start of sessions that included a link to each of the rooms (feedback)
  - [Usher attendees between rooms at the beginning/end of sessions](https://github.com/SeaGL/patch/issues/5)
- frontload where possible (e.g. trivia should have been pre-prepped)
- lots of attention needed with hybrid stuff
- (Used to be called On Site so puts up all the posters and directions and such)

#### Important Links

---

### Promotion & Outreach (Mateus and Wilco)

#### Outstanding 2022 TODOs
- [ ] create graphics for Linux mag
  - For save-the-date next year
  - any graphic designers available to help?
  - promises to media sponsors for monthly posts. Need to come up with a system for that.

#### Bikeshed
- We should plan ahead next year to attract Hacktoberfest contributors (feedback)
  - limited edition t-shirts?
- we should livestream us working. https://matrix.to/#/!GkthNMOKdgiNHAErwB:seattlematrix.org/$ATJYfJ8SX3N1v0wbn99ZS9dnMqGyp9dL4fEyQkoHUWE?via=seattlematrix.org&via=beeper.com&via=matrix.org (feedback)
- 6-person bike with Patch and banner the weeks before the conference (hans)
- coffee outreach before the conference (hans)
- Will need in-person advertising next year (physical posters)
  - location
  - speaker info
    - can be handed off but isn't clean code/productionized (Nathan)
  - "program"
- Should be a year-round committee
  - paid social media company?
  - Suggestion was to take December to talk to current staff to see who is staying on or transitioning into a committee chair role. After the New Year, put out blog post soliciting members of the community to fill any voids. End of january, consider paying external social media firm if we still lack social committee/chair (nathan)

#### Important Links

---

### Partnerships ()
- didn't have anything separate from finance.

#### Outstanding 2022 TODOs

#### Bikeshed

#### Important Links

---

### SRE/Technical (sntxrr and AJ)
- probably things that could have gone better but a lot went super well
- ran into a few game breaking element bugs at the last minute
- OSEM could be smarter (e.g. handling email)
  - this year's OSEM upgrade was greatly appreciated!
- libre streaming platform (peertube?)
- streaming setup could be potentially improved and automated a bit more
- need more volunteer time
- made heavy investment in foundational tech
- last minute scramble impacted communication timelines

#### Outstanding 2022 TODOs
- last few matrix rooms that need to be upgraded
- preview of upload to internet archives - link in the pad - going up on Sunday.
  - mostly automated
  - generated title streams
- need published URLs in tracking sheet so we can send them to the speakers (Nathan)
- Want to have a "tell tech your problems" session (ideal world)

#### Bikeshed
- We should plan ahead next year to attract Hacktoberfest contributors (feedback)
- can we stop having multiple spreadsheets for programming? response: not until osem allows for arbitrary emails being sent to speakers. (from feedback)
  - Some discussion of supporting sending via OSEM: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/pull/2549
- Would be nice to have an option where music is muted during cut scene so that volume doesn't have to be turned down allowing an audiable notice when talks are back on. (feedback)
- social session rooms should be read-only with a more vivid flag to go to the social environment
  - big graphical thing
  - [Make redirect messages more prominent](https://github.com/SeaGL/patch/issues/31)
  - [Prohibit moderators from messaging in redirect rooms](https://github.com/SeaGL/patch/issues/32)
- Hybrid will require AV as well as existing tech
- made investments in anti-Spam stuff this year but more could be done
  - option to ban everyone who wasn't in a room before a certain period
  - easy to follow documentation and a plan

#### Important Links
- [Preview of video archive](https://andrew.kvalhe.im/+or4zzb8p74czqndqz1yphci4pcgjy9bq)

---

### Volunteers ()
- really needed a coordinator
- not just day-of
- mindful of all staff

#### Outstanding 2022 TODOs

#### Bikeshed

#### Important Links

---

### IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access ()
- important but was understaffed
- put out a mailer to a lot of groups and got a bunch of people from other countries
- Should be active year-long

#### Outstanding 2022 TODOs

#### Bikeshed
- really like to get CHAOS diversity badge
- should we build relationships with FOSSAsia and other off-continent groups? (Hans)

#### Important Links

---

### CoC: Code of Conduct ()
- Have a lovely community. Didn't need to use any of the safeguards we put in.

#### Outstanding 2022 TODOs

#### Bikeshed
- made investments in anti-Spam stuff this year but more could be done
  - option to ban everyone who wasn't in a room before a certain period
  - easy to follow documentation and a plan
#### Important Links

---

### Impresario (Salt)
- Looking for someone to pass it along to
- (Hans) Salt did a lot this year again, committes had to rely on him more than should have been needed.
  - Many thanks!
  
#### Outstanding 2022 TODOs
- Find Jr. Impresario

#### Bikeshed

#### Important Links

---

## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Nope


## Wrap-up
### Upcoming blog/social posts
- [Blog calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/2?cid=Y192aTIyb3ZvaHRlZXZ0cWU3NG9ub245NHBxc0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)
- [2022 Social Media Coordination](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_social_media_coordination)
  - Thank you for attending
  - Save the Date
  
<!--
- [ ] DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] ASAP: Thank you for attending, save the day for hybrid 2023
- [x] theme, hang 10
- [x] come attend post that can be linked to various mailinglists, maybe the ONE ~~MONTH~~ WEEK OUT, Friday blog post?

### Timeline
- ~~2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus~~
- ~~1 week (or more) after testing: OSEM launched~~
- ~~: Reach out to Keynote speakers~~
- ~~TBD: CFP open~~
- ~~: Sponsorship prospectus opens~~
- ~~TBD: CFP closes~~
- ~~TBD: CFP Review 1~~
  - ~~need to schedule for follow-up on star voting~~
- ~~TBD: Select Speakers~~
- ~~TBD: Notify Speakers~~
- ~~EOD Sept 19 for first round: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]~~
- ~~: Finalize Program~~
- ~~Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting~~
- ~~: Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting~~
  - ~~provide guidance for speakers~~
- ~~1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers~~
- ~~November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL~~
- ~~November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022~~

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2023 Kick-off: ?? probably January or February
  - would be nice to have a full break month
  - will have no expected seagl meetings for second half of december and first half of january

#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: N/A
- Finance and Partnerships: Bi-Weekly, Mon 4pm
- Attendee Experience: N/A
- Promotion & Outreach: TBD
- SRE/Technical: Last Wed of each month at 6pm (Cadence changing to Monthly)
- Volunteers: N/A
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- der.hans: Glad to do this every year. Great year to start a little early. Looking forward to hybrid, should be an awesome opportunity
- Salt: As much as I do a lot it's still worth doing. I get a lot out of the meetings and having everyone around, seeing what we can create together. Hybrid will be an even higher bar than the current one. Looking forward to doing it in a values-driven way.
- Andrew: Thank you to everyone. We did it, again. Once again personally keeping head down at all the technical things. Still chipping away at stuff we'll benefit from next year. If anyone's interested in tech now that you're less busy there are projects waiting for you. Come say hi in the meetings.
- nomad: It's been great working with all of you!
- Don/sntxrr: As always, real pleausre. Looking forward to seeing how it works in hybrid. Hope we can continue to work together.
- Nathan: (had to leave early)
- Norm: (had to leave early)
- AJ: Lovely to see you all. It has been so lovely barely thinking about this conference at all for the past month. Happy to be back. Excited about hybrid. Missed this conference.

# Meeting (and season) adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->

