# 2022-10-19
- Don built 8 slots for each track (more needed; 30 or so talks total)
- you can enter the studio but you have to do the red X leave the studio and that will leave it available for others to join without destroying the broadcast slot
- make sure spkrs know this so they don't destroy the studio room (maybe? testing it now...)

[took a break to do intros]

- new grad student Abhinav has joined and is looking for contribution opportunities (and a job!)

- we're still missing ad-roll for the talks
- need all pre-recorded talks

- AJ provisioned an openstack instance for us to set up Synapse on. Ansible (sre-server-admins) hasn't been run against it yet, so only AJ can log in right now.
- prasket's SSH key needs to make it onto that box somehow and still follow best practice for minimum access req'd for role.
- for now let's just get him admin access and mitigate any security concerns later if there is time.
- we want to get conference stuff moved over to OSUOSL
- Patch is Typescript and interacts with Matrix protocol. but we think he might be keeping a lot of commits locally, as the remote is 28 days stale.
- some discussion about turning a Rails app into a static site (someone add more here if you understand more about it!)
- Abhinav going to try turning OSEM Rails app into static HTML site.
- syncing could be put on a CRON job, but if OSEM goes down we don't want to start syncing error pages.
- this will go onto GitHub Pages.

## adroll

Romeo and Mateus are MIA.

## pointer at canonical schedule

Confirmed to be OSEM. Where does this go?

This is an Andrew thing.

## updated list of must-dos

- Element modification + deployment: Andrew (and ping AJ for GitHub Pages help if easier)
- ephemeral Matrix server setup: AJ/Prasket - in progress!
- streaming setup: Don - DONE except for creating a few StreamYard rooms
- adroll: ???? (Salt to talk to Romeo, and Mateus is the backup)
- Patch: Andrew
- Mjolnir: AJ
- building widgets for embedding the videostreams (probably reusable from last year): Andrew
    - Andrew needs to know what to embed. consensus: YouTube, if we have time we can try for PeerTube but default to YouTube
- landing page on the website: AJ
- a pointer at the OSEM schedule on website: Andrew
