# 2022-09-28

## 2021 video thing

Set the file to be  retrieved from Glacier. Now all we need to do is upload it.

Get the file to Andrew and he'll do whatever processing and uploading.
- [x] sntxrr shared a 12 hour pre-signed URL of the video to Andrew
	- Got it


## 1Password

Don looking for the PR he thought he created... 1Password's process requires filling out a form here.

made the pull against ours instead. will fix that
- [x] sntxrr fixed this: https://github.com/1Password/1password-teams-open-source/pull/606

Salt: can they have >1 owner? And can Salt be an owner
Don is doing it now.
- [x] sntxrr invited Salt and made him an owner


## Gmail account spindown

Supposed to do this before yesterday but Salt forgot. Sorry :(

Have a list of maybe 15 accounts that can either be forwarded or deleted. Will go through the ones to delete. Haven't tried the more elaborate Google Groups thing that Bri suggested

Salt deleting now. 10 that we can definitely delete, maybe a few more. coc@, dmarc-rpt@ and osem@

Salt thinks coc doesn't need a full own account but we would be able to email out using a handle, but maybe we can send from the mailing list and have that be a mailing list.

dmarc-rpt@ - all we need is to be able to receive and store. Can just make this a mailing list. AJ will go turn this into a Google Group TODO

osem@ - only using this for outgoing transactional mail. Can easily delete this and use SES

If we weren't doing the whole Terraform thing Andrew could do this in 20 minutes

AJ can do the Terraform here and get creds to Andrew. TODO

Salt deleted these users, transfering their data to salt@: docaedo, tedmcox, wholemilk, bart, hannah, lacey, genehack, donald, tree, chromebook1

Salt: small thing. Still haven't heard back from ~1/2 the people. Told them they could expect to have it deleted or forwarded.

Probably going to lean towards deleting if last signin is over a year ago.

Andrew thinks yeah, just make a judgement call.

Salt gets an archive.

AJ: worst comes to worse they complain and we undo with the archives

Salt will take on trying out the Google Group thing for Bri.

## Updates on Patch

More foundational stuff. You can give it a YAML file of what you want the space to look like and stuff and it'll make that happen in Matrix. Can change something about the spec and it'll figure out the difference and make that change in Matrix.

Have it pulling in the sessions from OSEM using its old API. Some things we just can't do like linking the event to OSEM... the API doesn't expose the event ids?? No URL or reference ID or anything

AJ: is there... a new one that has these??

Andrew: in our fork... one of the things I did around 2020 was start down this road of getting the schedule out of OSEM and running into various things. Who would format dates that way, etc. Even after that dates are wrong cause the timezone is wrong. Threw hands up in the air and made v2 of the API in our fork using a standard API schema using Rails magic to expose records of your choice. This doesn't exist now that we're on upstream and we're trying to work with upstream. Sent in a few PRs today to fix the most obvious things with the old API.

What rooms should be suggested in Matrix?


## What to do about OSEM

Andrew has a script to manage rebasing a bunch of PRs to upstream. This is where the checklist for https://github.com/SeaGL/osem#readme comes from

Salt doesn't see APIv2 stuff on this list. The question is, how much does not having that APIv2 hurt us

Andrew: it's a question of what we need out of it. The one place I know it's hurting us is this... current upstream OSEM even with these changes hard prevents us from linking to the sessions page on OSEM in room topics. I haven't thought through it all.

However we coordinate between Jitsi room names, widgets that show content, etc. - however we link between those things and sessions... the missing piece there is a reasonable and trivial upstream PR which is like, add one more entry to the current API response. Being an ID or URL.

So far we don't need anything from the fancier API.

AJ: if we commit to using and fixing up the old API, and then we find something we can't fix and need to use/reintroduce the new API for, how much work would it be to switch to using the new API?

Andrew: less than an hour of work

AJ: this gives me more confidence in trying to work with upstream

Andrew is kind of just waiting for an excuse to go do the v2 API.

AJ: do we know if upstream would be interested in moving their stuff to this magic Rails stuff?

Andrew: that's easy technically, hard socially.

[discussion of bizarre date formatting in the API]

## More Patch things

Andrew: I would love for someone to race me to figuring out what automations Patch should do.

Bot behavior(?) pad https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_bot_behavior

Could add a section that's the same format as brainstorming but labeled "things we've decided to do"

Could also translate those list items into the format of actual triggers and actions that fill the main body of the document. But don't have to go that far.


## 8x8 Jitsi

Salt: question, Don did you hear back from them?

Don just went ahead and signed us up. We're currently just using the $25 most basic thing.

Don hasn't heard back anything additional from his last response. Just going to go with the we'll pay the $100. Now no idea how to point our DNS at it to work the way we'll think it can work.

Salt: can possibly pay some money now to test it out - RTMP streaming and transcription. Just because it's usage-based.

Don thinking to fire off a support email asking about hooking it up to a custom domain.

 - [ ] fire off support email/poke at this

Andrew: if we just CNAME our name to the main public instance would that work...? probably worth asking anyway in case it's by accident


## This Week in Matrix announcement

AJ: when does this have to be submitted by

Salt: they release one every week. I definitely want to have one for the week of, but a month before might be a nice PR boost

AJ thinks that for the month before thing we HAVE to have details on what we're building. What's happening this week in Matrix is we're _building_ this stuff. Otherwise it's not this week in Matrix!

Andrew: would be nice to link people to a blog post instead of a random collection of repos.

AJ: I think we should talk about the principles we're using to build this stuff.

Salt: I think we should mention this is our third year and I also think there's copy we can take from the prospectus

https://seagl.org/sponsors/SeaGL_Partnership_Sponsor_Prospectus_2022.pdf

Andrew: what are the goals and constraints we're setting out from the beginning. We would like to encourage Matrix use, and we have these free software values, and these various privacy values. And those are at odds with the ever-pressing moderation needs (maybe we don't want to go into this)

"This is why we decided to use Matrix"

AJ: I can write a first draft

- [ ] write blog post draft TODO
	- some starting material https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_TWiM_landing

Salt: I'm happy to turn it into more


## Conference experience



## Moderation tools

https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_moderation_tools
