<!-- See end of pad for meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms -->
<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# 2022-03-22 SeaGL 2022 All-Hands
- March 22, 2022. 1800 Pacific Time
- [Agenda](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/issues/244)
- [Shared Pad](https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Jitsi URL](https://meet.seattlematrix.org/SeaGL_2022_all-hands)
- [Previous meeting minutes](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/tree/main/meetings/2022)
- [Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/seagl.org/g/seagl2022)
- [2021 Retrospective](https://github.com/SeaGL/organization/blob/main/meetings/2021/20211115-retrospective.md)

## Procedural
### Check-in round
- Attendees: nhandler, Andrew, nomad, J, Mateus, eximious, sNTxRr/Don, Norm, Salt
- Apologies: AJ (feeling ill), Lacey
- Facilitator: Salt
- Note Taker(s): J
- Note Taker(s) for next time: J

### Metrics - not tracking at this time
- Staff: 
- Ambassadors: 
- Social Shares: 
- Blog Posts: 
- Sponsors: 
- Keynote Nominations:


## Minute of silence (get into the SeaGL headspace)
- Review agenda
- Consider tensions, progress updates, blockers, questions
- Gather personal notes, tasks, emails


<!-- REMINDER: Meeting notes are public _by default_. Please err on the side of not including personal info or sensitive topics, including any mention of health or childcare issues, job searches that are underway, contacts for fundraising, etc. -->

# Agenda
<!--
Add new things to discuss after `## New Items`

### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

## Previous TODOs
### 02/08
- [ ] invite a friend to participate (*everyone*)
  - Going to keep this on until Salt feels like it and/or we have chairs for each committee
  - Email from Donald (excited to be a part of Free Software things and lives in Seattle area)
  - Dave Nash to join next month
  - Lucy still up for at-event volunteering
  - Two others asked to be added to 2022 list but not accepting roles yet
  - Monica and Remy pinged about helping with social
  - Kaslin Fields may be willing to help with SRE
  - Are there any gaps on the program community in terms of skills?
    - We're looking for warm bodies that have been involved in conferences before (speakers, volunteers)
  - Everyone should add a name or role/category before the end of the meeting.
  - Could reach out to the Debian community (maybe Salt?)
- [ ] #222 review retrospective by next meeting (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
- [ ] #245 review web site for needed updates by next meeting (everyone)
  - Each committee should complete this task at their first meeting.
- [ ] reach out to media sponsors and Ambassadors list about planning, filling chairs, IDEA partnerships, etc. (der.hans, Salt, Ben, Lacey)
  - No progress at this time
- [x] get more ideas on date / timeline re: programming committee elements (Nathan)
  - Spent time on putting together keynote planning elements, late this week or next week for posting.
  - This will include plug for SeaGL programming committee volunteers
  - 2 weeks for nomination form to open
  - 1 month + before reaching out to possible keynote speakers

### 02/22
- [x] create "process" issue for reviewing retrospective and any website updates (Salt)
  - This will be taken care of in committee meetings
- [x] start pad to draft initial outreach message, look at WIG and schedule time to meet with der.hans and Ben (Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message
  - Needs extra help, work in progress. Ideas welcome.
- [x] draft text for inviting new people to submit keynote nominations (Deb, Nathan)
  - Rough draft is finished, will be ready for review soon.
- [x] send out scheduling poll for tech/programming discussion about groupware and osem (AJ)

### 03/08
- [x] update website with 2022 dates (Andrew)
- [ ] turn retrospective tasks into GH issues (Lacey)
    - No progress at this time
- [ ] outreach to meet up to exchange info / go over processes and make plans (Ben & Lacey)
    - No progress at this time
- [ ] meet to fold over some volunteer role information stuff (Lacey & J)
    - No progress at this time
- [x] draft message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
  - Desire to release this ASAP, perhaps right before or alongside keynote nominations
  - Ideas welcome, ping Salt
  - consider offering a stipend to a (local?) diversity focused org to help with IDEA
- [x] create issue for selecting year 10 theme (Salt)
  - issue #246
  - Hang ten!
  - Ten SeaGLs strumming
  - 10, 9, 8... ...blast off!
  - The Legend of the Ten Strings (guitar)
- [ ] updated graphic assets for 2022 (Mateus)
  - Still open, in progress
  - This is a heavvy lift this year
  - Salt requests Save The Date graphic for other conferences' slides
- [ ] create issue templates that document how they should be used (Lacey & Mateus)
  - No progress at this time


## New Items
<!--
### TOPIC TITLE (PERSON)
-->

### Hey We Still Need Committee Chairs (Salt)
- Nathan: historically we've wanted people to serve on a committee for a year before chairing, the key to having chairs is sourcing good volunteers as opposed to co-chairs
- Salt: Co-chairs are still important and we want them.
- Nathan: Agreed, but it's not super useful to pin a title on a new volunteer.
- Salt: Co-chairs are committing to spending more time on continuation / handoff and can share more workload
- Conversation can be taken offline

#### Current Committee Chairs - HELP WANTED (Salt)
- Programming & Flow - Nathan & ??
- Finance - der.hans & Norm
  - Still outstanding finance items, lets try to connect with Hans soon
- Attendee Experience - ?? & ??
  - Early days at this point
- Promotion & Outreach - Ben & Lacey
  - We have organizations reaching out to get involved
  - We need to start actioning on this soon
- Partnerships - ?? & ??
  - OSI donation system is easier to use that FSF which gives us less barriers
  - More volunteers welcome
  - Can be a good committee to dip a toe in and just ask three companies (money raising is great rush when it works!)
- SRE/Technical - Don & AJ
- Volunteers - J & ??
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - ?? & ??
- CoC: Code of Conduct - ?? & ??
- Impresario - Salt & ??
  - Still looking for apprentace presario, anyone who is intersted please volunteer or invite a friend!

### Committee Meetings (Salt)
- What are the meeting schedule for each committee? Is help needed regarding tools, frequency, etc?
- Programming & Flow - Hoping to get these kicked off by the next meeting
- Finance - Norm to take lead on connecting with Hans
- Attendee Experience - needs a virtual vs in-person designation
- Promotion & Outreach - 
- Partnerships - 
- SRE/Technical - currently every other Wednesday at 6pm PST
- Volunteers - J will set up this meeting
- IDEA: Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Access - 
- CoC: Code of Conduct - 
- Impresario - 


## Open discussion (~5 minute, if time)
- Use this time to identify potential volunteers to contact!
  - We are willing to train people who've never done conferences before, this can be better than people with a lot of experience sometimes. We can bring them up in the SeaGL way. Lack of experience is not a barrier to entry.
- Co-chairs are meant to be committees, do we actually have committees or are they just chairs?
  - Any meetings happening outside of the all hands are doing the work and the all hands is an interface between all of the different committees.
  - Anyone doing work on the committee is a committee member.
  - All hands is for making sure we are all working together efficiently and chairs attend to create less overhead for the committee members.
  - Is chair the right title? Should we call them Leads? Champions? Cat-herder? Organizer? We can continue to discuss this.


### 03/22 - New TODOs
- [ ] Connect J and Lucy to talk about volunteering (Salt)
- [ ] draft initial outreach message (der.hans, Ben, Lacey, Salt, anyone else)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_Outreach-first_message
- [ ] send message to potential groups for help with IDEA (Salt?)
  - https://pad.seattlematrix.org/p/SeaGL_2022_IDEA-first_message
- [ ] #246 brainstorm year 10 theme (Everyone)
- [ ] connect with Hans to schedule first Finance Committee meeting (Norm)
- [ ] consider changing title of committee "chair"
  - Is this scaring some folks away?
  - Alternatives: leads, champions, cat-herders, organizer, flockers, ???


## Wrap-up

### Upcoming blog/social posts
<!--
- DRAFT/POST DATE: TITLE/PURPOSE (AUTHOR) [REQUESTED REVIEWERS]
-->
- [ ] Kick-off / Volunteers Welcome (Ben, Lacey, J)
  - after website dates are updated
- [ ] Thursday, March 24: Keynote Nominations Open (Nathan) [?]
  - Would appreciate review

### Timeline
- End ~~Start~~ of March: Launch Keynote request for nominations
- At least open for two weeks: Close Keynote nominations
- Late March: OSEM ready for programming committee testing
- Tentatively April 1: Decide on virtual only or hybrid event: 
- 2 weeks after virtual/hybrid decision: post sponsor prospectus
- 1 week after testing or more: OSEM launched
- : Reach out to Keynote speakers
- TBD: CFP opens
- : Sponsorship prospectus opens
- TBD: CFP closes
- TBD: CFP Review 1
- TBD: Select Speakers
- TBD: Notify Speakers
- TBD: Finalize Speakers [this is the date the speakers need to have confirmed by, and that we'll need to have pulled waitlisted people up]
- : Finalize Program
- Tentatively October 1: Full tech run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- : Documentation run-through of technologies at Tech Meeting
- 1 week after run-through: Tech training for volunteers
- November 1: Pre-recorded talk videos in the hands of SeaGL
- November 4-5 (Friday/Saturday): SeaGL 2022

### Next All-Hands Meeting
- SeaGL 2022 Bi-weekly All-hands: Tuesday, April 5 @ 6pm Pacific Time
  - Is there an updated version of the calendar?
  - https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NWhkYnVjNjQ5cDhoM3FuMmsybmpuMTZqbGVfMjAyMjAzMjNUMDEwMDAwWiBzYWx0QHNlYWdsLm9yZw&tmsrc=salt%40seagl.org&scp=ALL


#### Committee Meetings
- Programming & Flow: 
- Finance and Partnerships: 
- Attendee Experience: 
- Promotion & Outreach: 
- SRE/Technical: Bi-Weekly, off-week from all-hands, Wed 6pm
- Volunteers: 
- IDEA: 
- CoC: 

### Sign-off round (what's next, appreciations, suggestions)
- nhandler: Excited to make progress on year 10!
- Andrew: Heads down on tech stuff, 43 PRs into upstream
- nomad: Not much to say, just hanging in and trying to be helpful.
- J: Excited to be here, volunteer stuff will get rolling soon.
- Mateus: Excited for this year and I really want to participate in other committees in the future. I want to try something new this year.
- eximious: I won't be at all hands but I will be attending SeaGL and I am available to answer questions, please reach out. I wish I could volunteer but my new job is going to be taking up my time this year.
- sNTxRr/Don: Going to miss you Deb, best of luck with your new adventure. I am very excited to work with all of you on this wonderful conference.
- Norm: Going to meet up with Hans, true up finance data.
- Salt: Thank you all for helping and being here. Deb, you will be missed, but I know you're not far. I think you will probably be invited to speak on the 10 Years of SeaGL panel.

### Check that we have note taker(s) for next meeting


# Meeting adjourned!

<!-- Post meeting process:
1. clean up meeting notes from pad
2. upload notes to GitHub, clear pad
3. open new issue for next meeting, copy notes
4. change dates and links
5. move sign-off round to previous meeting feedback
7. create new issue for each new TODO
8. add links for each TODO to next meeting issue
9. update meeting calendar event
10. send meeting announcement email

-->

<!--
## Meeting best-practices and discussion mechanisms
- Review previous meeting notes especially when absent!
- During meeting, use chat in etherpad (and add your name).

### Etherpad usage
- Use chat in etherpad (usually on right side), add your name and set a distinct color
- Audio notifications on Firefox via https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notification-sound/
- You can hide popups with these ad blocker cosmetic filters (e.g. via uBlock Origin):  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(Email subscription)  pad.sfconservancy.org##.popup:has-text(/Delay before deletion.*\d{2}[\d.]* days/)
- You can widen the chat pane with these user styles (e.g. via Stylus):  #editorcontainerbox .sticky-container { width: 50ch; }
- Bookmarklet to make the chat bar wider. Select the whole line below starting with "javascript:" and drag to bookmarks bar. Adjust the width in pixels by changing "280".  javascript:(function () { const width='280'; const box = document.querySelector('div#chatbox'); if (box) { box.style.cssText=box.style.cssText+' width: '+width+'px !important;'; } const pad = document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('iframe').contentWindow.document.querySelector('body#innerdocbody.innerdocbody'); if (pad) { pad.style.width=(document.body.clientWidth-width-50)+"px"; } })();

### Notetaking
- "???" means that something was missed in the notes, please assist capturing what was said
- aim for shorthand / summary / key points (not transcript)

### Agenda topics
- Each topic facilitated by topic lead with main facilitator help
- For topics that are not committee specific, add to Current or Late section and specify your name
- As needed, ping folks on IRC, email, or elsewhere to read over items in advance, ideally before the day of the meeting

### Timeboxing
- timebox each topic, rounded to nearest 5min., settled during agenda confirmation
- at topic beginning, convert the :mm to expected end time
- at timebox end, "thumb polls" may add 5 minutes at a time
- hand symbols
  - "^" approve, extend the timebox
  - "v" disagree, move onto the next topic
  - "." neutral

### Discussion mechanisms
- open discussion
- call for a round ("pass the mic" style, facilitator makes sure no one is skipped)
- hand symbol queuing
  - "o/" or "/" means you have something to say and puts you in the queue
  - "c/" or "?" means you have a clarifying question and jumps you to the top of the queue
  - "d" means thumbs up, encouragement, agreement, etc.
  -  ">" means you understand someone's point and want them to move on
  - "d>" means you feel the agenda item discussion is complete

-->


