# 2022-05-25

## OSEM email

Don is going to set up SPF/DKIM/etc. in SES so we can make OSEM send emails through SES instead of through an individual Gmail account, which is how we currently do this. (Especially since Google turns this off sometimes; it's their "insecure app access" warning thing)
- [ ] do this
- [x] Andrew: respond to Nathan's email

## Dokku

Security? How are we going to rebuild the container.

One administrative maintenance command is just "rebuild everything" and people just cron that.

General consensus is that this is probably good enough and we don't think we're going to get better.

## Monitoring

Don provisioned a VM and is going to put UptimeKuma

Plug this into Discord and Matrix and maybe Slack. Going to run this as a "service"

## How do we get metrics/alarms?

systemd services going down, disk space about to fill up

This seems like something OSUOSL probably already does?

Beyond just monitoring that OSEM is up, monitoring is just "nice to have".

OSUOSL has suggested filing issues instead so maybe we can just file an issue on monitoring

## Hans' Nextcloud

Hans OK'd it. He sent Don a login to the Nextcloud. Just need to ask him where to point the DNS.

- [ ] Don will do this in Terraform

## Terraform monorepo vs. multiple repos

AJ r it's easier to keep this all in one repo. Don doesn't feel strongly

Since AJ has a slight preference, we'll use a monorepo
- [ ] rename osem-terraform

## Scaling Jitsi

Don leaning towards paying someone to do this for us, though we could put another box in a datacenter

There are designs where it can spin up boxes as-needed but that may burn through money

The machine we're using isn't a slouch, but it clearly struggles at times

Andrew suggesting that we try and reproduce perf problems with 20 people logging on to the machine

Wondering how many people we're expecting. People are tired of virtual conferences

- [ ] ask at all hands

Don guesses between 20 and 100
